<div align="center">
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]**
  
  [Next]: /02-0.md
  [TOC]: /README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>

---

# A Culture of Ruinous Dishonesty and Cheating Among Canadian Institutions

This set of documents provide details about some of the systematic ways in which various groups of people in Canada have gotten away with committing genocides aside from large-scale fraudulence. Genocidal activities in Canada, as described herein, have been ongoing since decades. Activities involving embezzlement of public goods and tax-payer monies, in connection with, and adjacent to systematic wrongdoings committed via major institutions in Canada is described in the following sections. 

The unfortunate truthfulness of the matter is that genocidal activities are still being carried out in Canada, via the actions of dismissive and willfully ignorant fiduciary officers of key institutions. Even though the mandated role of such fiduciary officers has been to prevent, and to put an immediate end to all injurious or harmful actions of authorized agencies and agents, the fact remains that their failure to act in accordance with their mandate continues to ruin the lives of thousands of innocent civilians each year. The topic of satisfactory justice being carried out in favor of victims and survivors of systemic harms is likely to remain an afterthought among Canadian institutions, including the ones federally tasked with duties of redressing human rights abuses and violations.

Often, officials like the ones mentioned herein, who commit or contribute to — serial mass abductions, serial mass murders, and/or serial mass rapes (or other repeated acts of misconducts or violations), happen to be an integral part of a professional group, that is, an exclusive group in the form of a network of people with positions of socio-political influence, power, and authority. The individual and collective roles of such group members, in committing wide-spread treacherous acts against humanity, is tacitly and sometimes explicitly accepted, as well as propagated, by privileged community members who keep paying tribute and homage to their society's deleterious authority figures. 

It is typically also the case that community members with power, control, and influence remain untouchable while they approve and officiate the professional roles and tasks, of eventually culpable officers. The individual gang members of such wrongdoers are able to roam free because of their indemnity, immunity, position in high-society, and their standard privilege of anonymity. It is therefore necessary to tear down their anonymity, before bringing them to justice by getting rid of their impunity. Corrupted or bigoted community members with powers of control and influence, also happen to be the ones who provide the resources, policies, protocols, tools, and technologies for doing the dirty deeds given to their officers and proxy agents. There are also those among such officiating and officiated community members who sometimes, haplessly go along with the designs of a full-fledged genocide or pogrom, orchestrated in front of their eyes in broad daylight, because they happen to be too weak to put up a fight, and risk being expelled or 'excommunicated' from various privileged group memberships.  

The more important and subtle thing to note here is that acts of committing genocide are always a collective and organized endeavor, that involve industrial scale human efforts within a geographic region, over a span of multiple weeks, months, or even years. 

The pieces of knowledge showcased in this repository, are necessary building blocks within a set of education based tools, for those who would dare to prevent or ward off an ongoing, or an impending genocide of their community.

Why have these tokens of knowledge reached you? As a composer and compiler of this documentation, all I can communicate to you is that my light is too dim to be noticed within simple and ordinary occasions. It is in fact so dim that it can only shine in complete darkness. So, now that you see me, it means that we are already surrounded by the abject darkness of willful ignorance, that is being wielded by deniers of genocides, war crimes, and of hate crimes.

---
<div align="center">
  
  **[Top :arrow_up:][Top] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]** 
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC]**

  [Top]: /01-0.md#a-culture-of-ruinous-dishonesty-and-cheating-among-canadian-institutions
  [Next]: /02-0.md
  [TOC]: /README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>