<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Table of Contents][TOC] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]**
  
  [Prev]: ./01-0.md
  [Next]: ./02-1.md
  [TOC]: /README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>

---

# 2. Categories of Wrongdoers Who Contribute to High Crimes and Crimes Against Humanity

In Canada, the following categories of wrongdoers, bullies, and threat-actors have been observed and duly noted, whose actions continue to contribute to the suffering and demise of surreptitiously targeted communities. Such targeted communities mainly comprise of differently abled people, ethnic minorities, and newcomers.

The case in point here, happens to include the offices of the Justice of Peace, in Ontario, along with institutions operating in Kitchener-Waterloo region such as Immigration, Refugees, Citizenship Canada (IRCC); University of Waterloo (UWaterloo); Grand River Hospitals and Clinics (GRHC); Waterloo Regional Police Services (WRPS); Canadian Mental Health Association (CMHA); community healthcare providers like Carizon; Law Society of Ontario (LSO); College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario; and accreditation bodies and secret services affiliated with the provincial government of Ontario as well as the federal government of Canada. The basis and substantiations of allegations against them, happen to be recorded in *[The File.](https://github.com/true-hindsight/grim-realities/blob/main/navigating-this-gitrepo.md#20-navigating-this-documentation)* 

These supplementary articles produced in an editorial style, detail the societal and environmental factors that have contributed to the prevalent culture of murderous dishonesty and xenophobia, among key fiduciary institutions of Ontario, Canada. 

It has been particularly disheartening to witness the incompetence of some, along with the woeful hypocrisy of many other Canadian organizations, with regards to human rights violations committed by their authorized members. Their wrongful activities have been especially injurious due to their politically motivated abuses of medical and psychological sciences, committed against targeted minority groups, out of discriminatory prejudices embedded within the practices and organizational culture of key institutions. Each of such offending and problematic organizations have private benefactors, apart from federal as well as provincial government based supporters who protect them from prosecution. Lethal, destructive, and bad organizations in Canada that produce injuries and harms, to selectively targeted groups and individuals, while portraying themselves as the global vanguards of justice, peace, and human rights aren't merely a few in number, nor do they happen to be edge cases among a majority of good ones. The number of safe and good organizations remaining in Canada have steadily dwindled over the years during the past few decades. The societal culture of adopting silence for allowing large-scale human rights as well as civil rights violations to be committed by public service units against minorities, and consumer rights abuses being committed against various sections of the public by registered corporate entities, go unchecked, and continue unabated, has snowballed in strength across Canada.

The categories of wrongdoers described herein, are associated with particular types of errors committed by professional workers that have continued to cause injuries and harms, to an increasing number of people snared by registered corporate entities in Canada. Such wrongs committed via Canadian key institutions have been due to profiteering and bigoted motives harbored by a number of professional members of those corporate entities. The following general discussion concerning the make and nature of errors, is provided here for a later analysis on distinguishing between specific ranges of liabilities that wrongdoers are responsible for, including damages owed to victims and survivors for injuries and perils inflicted upon unassuming persons, by different types of wrongdoers:  

1. All types of mistakes, slip ups, and violations can be labeled as subcategories of "errors" in the contexts of legal, financial, engineering, or managerial studies. Also, within such science based studies, mistakes and slip ups tend to be collectively labeled as "accidents" owing to the observation that they are not done consciously and intentionally by a responsible party. In this manner, violations associated with culpability are distinguished from accidents associated with liabilities. Mainly, accidents do not involve the culpable components of consciousness and intentionality of the persons involved in causing an injury or a harm; such responsible persons who happen to be unwittingly involved in a caught offense, typically have no premeditated motives or intentions of doing any harm to the injured persons. Accidents involving conscious but helpless actions of an entity are also separated from violations. But more importantly, both violations and accidents that are not caught by an exception handling system, silently continue to produce harms — often in pernicious and invisible ways.

1. Mistakes of an employed or contracted worker typically arise due to a lack of required knowledge and experience, or due to a lack of required aptitude and skills pertaining to their work domain. Mistakes can also occur due to a culmination of organizational and environmental factors of the work domain, that can prevent the worker from having the appropriate information, tools, supervision, and/or safe working environment needed to correctly fulfill a particular task or a job, in a safe, prudential, and efficacious manner. As such, employed or contracted workers can continue to keep committing the same kinds of mistakes while doing their designated jobs due to a lack of awareness, or from a continued lack of appropriate guidance, education, and training that was supposed to have been provided to them by their employers (contractors). 
 
1. Slip ups on the other hand, tend to be committed by skilled workers who have all the necessary knowledge and expertise to do a piece of work they have otherwise successfully completed umpteen times. A slip up is often caused due to a momentary lapse of judgment, sudden clumsiness, inattention, disconnectedness, strong distractions, time based or other physical pressures while completing tasks, and/or other involuntary behaviors that can suddenly kick in during a stressful scenario. The worker is usually unaware of having committed a slip that leads to damages, until evidence about it is brought to them.

1. In contrast to mistakes and slips, violations are intentional, deliberate and forceful acts, which by their nature, circumvent or breach sets of rules and laws known to the violator. It is guaranteed that violations will generate various types of damages and harmful consequences to the parts of an ecological system that are subject to willful force. A willful violator expects designed consequences to materialize due to their actions and selective inaction, apart from accepting unforeseen and unpredictable consequences of their intentional behaviors. 
    
1. Accepted codes of conduct, official rules, and statutory norms are mainly put into place for preventing, mitigating, discouraging, deterring, or reprimanding errors. However, mistakes, slips, and violations cannot even be identified when workers in-charge of maintaining safety, and taking actions for preventing or rectifying errors, willfully turn a blind eye to systemic faults. **The error of adopting willful ignorance or complaisance, thus becomes the foremost violation of workers responsible for maintaining safety of people and environments impacted by the activities of their organizational group, or unit.**

1. The much more difficult to identify harms generated from errors are caused by clandestine, or compartmentalized and modular ones, which dynamically interact to create an emergent phenomenon with a deleterious ecological impact. Problematic or faulty systemic interactions, whether they come about by accident or by design, can easily produce harms of multiplicative or even exponential magnitudes upon impacted individuals and habitats. Organized crimes, institutionalized wickedness, and genocidal activities of colluding agencies take advantage of such emergent errors, that cannot be correctly identified by investigators using a compartmentalized analysis of individual actors, and decoupled systemic components. The individual parts of a system never add up to a whole, when the interaction effects and emergent proxy forces among those parts are ignored by systems engineers and administrators, as integral components of the overall system being investigated. Such a fact needs to be taken into consideration without any leave given to benefactors who make limited material contributions to systems that produce grievous harms. Penalties levied upon benefactors, need to be proportional to the type and magnitude of harms generated by their corporation, rather than merely and only being proportional to the investment made by them as members or managers, of the injurious and unsafe corporation. Corporations can have limited liabilities only when their errors happen to be limited in the first place. 

    >Corporate entities that produce limitless harms against humanity and human ecology, need to be liquidated and dissolved immediately because they deserve the severest punishment applicable, for being culpable enemies to all of humankind. 

---
<div align="center">
  
  **[Top :arrow_up:][Top] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]** 
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC]**

  [Top]: ./02-0.md#2-categories-of-wrongdoers-who-contribute-to-high-crimes-and-crimes-against-humanity
  [Next]: /02-1.md
  [TOC]: /README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>