<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Table of Contents][TOC] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]**
  
  [Prev]: ./02-0.md
  [Next]: ./02-1-1.md
  [TOC]: /README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>

---

# 2.1 Category I — The Systematically Indoctrinated Wrongdoers

The first category of genocidal wrongdoers includes those who are complicit, liable, responsible, or eventually culpable for following injurious orders and protocols, from having been systematically indoctrinated into their organization's harmful culture and wrongful regularized activities. Such individuals remain convinced that their intentions were genuinely in the best interest of the vulnerable persons they had, or have influence over, even after understanding that their training, education, tools, technologies, methods, policies, and protocols have already produced deleterious effects due to the very design, form, function, and application of those sets of things. They continuously and ardently maintain a belief, or a conviction, that any harms or injuries caused to vulnerable persons in their care, or purview, due to their decisions, judgments, actions or inaction, can be simply overlooked because those injuries were "necessary" during the course of providing a "valuable service." They maintain an air of innocence and claim a lack of guilt, by strongly suggesting that they put their best professional efforts towards helping an already underserved or traumatized person overcome particular hardships, in accordance to professional standards and protocols. Such a belief or conviction held by the injurious professional, of course does not change the nature and extent of the injuries, harms, damages, or negative outcomes that have come to infringe upon the lives of the erroneously or wrongfully serviced persons.

When any injured persons speak up about their suffering and losses, this category of professionals simply deny responsibility in contributing to the stated harms and injuries. It is also commonly seen that professionals accused of wrongdoings tend to downplay or sideline the negative impacts of their deeds. Such harmful professionals typically act in conjunction with other staff members of their organization, and also act in coordination with members from other organizations concerned with justice, law enforcement, security, peace keeping, education, healthcare, equity, and religious as well as social services. The herd mentality and group based anonymity enjoyed by harmful professionals, becomes a shield for those injurious officers, staffers, and benefactors of the liable group, preventing them from ever being held accountable and brought to justice. The perils, dangers, and wounds thrust upon innocent people trapped within the professional group's services, thus go unchecked. This issue forms the basis of "anti-trust" lawsuit cases because it is the monopolistic designs of snaring clients and consumers, orchestrated by bad actors, that is a culpable act against unassuming consumers. Supremacist, monopolistic, and hegemonic designs also bring about harmful outcomes to an economy by thwarting or disrupting competitiveness in a marketplace, that would would have otherwise given consumers a more competent and better set of options towards higher quality of living to chose from, in an informed and consensual manner. 

In particular, market mechanisms designed for promoting oligopolies with "non-compete" clauses within employment contracts that prevent competitive labor market dynamics, are particularly damaging and harmful to the socio-economic growth and prosperity of end-users. The type of motives and methods, that are exercised by persons who benefit from monopolies and oligopolies, to the detriment of ecological wellness of all conscientious beings, can be summarized by merely two words: malignant parasitism.  

The next section provides an example of how members of the state-regulated and state-sponsored organization called Carizon in Kitchener-Waterloo Region, Ontario, fall into this category of wrongdoers.  

---
<div align="center">
  
  **[Top :arrow_up:][Top] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]** 
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC]**

  [Top]: ./02-0.md#2-categories-of-wrongdoers-who-contribute-to-high-crimes-and-crimes-against-humanity
  [Next]: /02-1.md
  [TOC]: /README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>