## Carizon's Culpability, and Damages Owed to Victims and Survivors

The main issue is that Canadian public service units, along with their private partners, have continued to intentionally, and forcefully inflict visceral and pernicious harms upon targeted groups and individuals, while using organizations such as Carizon to assuage and pacify those victims, in an attempt to dissuade victims from seeking justice, and for making victims more pliable towards forced assimilation.

1. Here I should highlight that from a cognitive and neuroscience perspective — altering how a client (or an end-consumer) relates to a particular set of memories, for the sake of attenuating or assuaging "feelings or emotions" associated with those memories, by using any form of communication, or re-contextualization of those memories during any kind of "therapy" administered to the victim, does bear a significant impact on how those memories can be recollected for the purposes of a testimony. That is, organizations such as Carizon, have deliberately hindered and harmed people's ability to provide appropriate testimony about incidents suffered by those people. State-sponsored organizations like Carizon have remained an integral part of cultural genocides being orchestrated in North America, by acting as the "clean up crew" that neatly erases evidence, which could have otherwise been gathered from testimonies of victims and survivors. 

1. Let us look at the difficulties faced by members of Carizon, that may have forced them to remain a part of an industrially orchestrated genocidal mechanism sponsored by Canadian authorities. At times, a member of a professional service provider like Carizon, may come to learn and accept that foundational portions of their training, education, tools, technologies, methodologies, practices, policies, and protocols have remained deeply flawed. Especially if such practitioners are professionally involved in fields of justice, law enforcement, religious counseling, psychoanalysis, psychotherapy, and psychiatry — they may choose to continue to follow and administer practices that they believe to be injurious to clients, for the sake of remaining a part of the professional "in-group." An employee or contractor who is likely to cause a ruckus, or who may "rock the boat," by going against their administrators, is very likely to be censured or even ostracized, and then severely black-balled by the senior members of organizations in these types of professional fields. This is mainly because of the directives and culture set by the authoritative members of inner-groups, among professional agencies and organizations. Thus, the more liable or culpable individuals who direct bad deeds, are the in-group's authority figures who dictate the field's social-pecking-order. Indeed, all of the above-mentioned professional fields still make use of numerous flawed principles and erroneous conventions, that have been adopted from highly unscientific, harmful, and racist designs of a bygone era, especially in Commonwealth Countries. Consequently, a practitioner from a lower-strata of membership from this category of workers, who may want to rectify the errors of their indoctrinated ways, is likely to never gain sufficient resources, authority, and opportunities within their entire lifetime — to make a significantly positive change within their area of practice, towards better healthcare, economic, and legal outcomes for clients seeking any type of a relief.

1. Therefore, the liability, responsibility, or culpability of such employed or contracted workers in perpetuating systemic faults and errors among coordinated organizations, which have continued to produce various harms to an increasing number of innocent victims — is relatively, of a lower degree of personal and professional liability or culpability, compared to that of their superiors. This is mostly because the main defense of indoctrinated, authorized, and trained underlings is the argument that they possibly could not have helped but propagate certain bad deeds, and harmful systemic components, of "an overall complex system consisting of several organizations, agencies, and a multitude of autonomous agents." And yet, while continuing to claim haplessness, some willingly remain an integral part of the harmful system that employs or contracts them, to eventually become more culpable.

1. However, there are indeed some workers trapped in a bad work environment out of a severe lack of worthy options, or out of poverty and distress. Conscientious persons who are put under duress and made to do harmful things by their managerial supervisors, which negatively impact clients, consumers, or other person's under their care, are sometimes unable to escape or overcome the organizational pressures impinging upon them. Such workers suffer along with the people they harm, and their way out of their tragic situation may only be through a safe harbor provided by a competent legal authority that has sufficient autonomy, and firepower, to defend against bad organizations that may unjustly retaliate with armed violence. Certain Canadian organizations were supposed to be, and many still continue to advertise themselves to be, the world's greatest and best safe harbors, with the proper capacity and capability as a legitimately organized society to provide necessary peace, and restitution, to several types of victims and survivors. 

So, what can be done at this juncture? The demands of this situation have been detailed in *Appendix XI of The File.* They are to be fulfilled without any further delay. 
