<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Table of Contents][TOC] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]**
  
  [Prev]: ./02-2-1.md
  [Next]: ./02-3.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>

---

### 2.2.2 Professional Misconduct of Managers and Leaders of UWaterloo

This section introduces the range of UWaterloo's culpability, and damages owed to victims and survivors, due to its willful negligence and deliberate acts of committing harms, against various systematically targeted groups and individuals. We will first look into the history and context regarding a specific issue, involving UWaterloo's ignorance about various needs and concerns, of its international students and alumni from the MBET program. We will then discuss UWaterloo's uncaring attitude towards the consequences of its habitually wrongful actions. 

UWaterloo's MBET program happens to be an experimental masters degree with a one year duration of coursework. The program was started around the year of 2003, that is, two decades ago. The initial five years of the program were spent in proving to the leadership of UWaterloo that a course related to business could be offered to on-campus students. The founders of the program decided that MBET did not need the accreditation and authenticity that a Master's of Business Administration (MBA) would necessarily entail with a two year duration of graduate studies coursework. Plus, the Wilfrid Laurier University already offered legitimate bachelor's and master's degrees in business administration, along with electives for topics such as starting a new business, and entrepreneurship. UWaterloo's MBET degree involving business related topics, was marketed as being *new and effective,* compared to a regular MBA, with its focus on coursework geared towards creating and growing technology based startups. 

So how did a topic that would otherwise be a mere elective, become an entire master's degree offered by one of Canada's premier educational institutes? 

During the first sixteen years of MBET's existence, the program was housed within UWaterloo's School of Engineering. Here is why: 

- The rationale put forward by its founders and co-creators was that students graduating from UWaterloo's mathematics, science, and engineering programs, often had innovations and discoveries which they intended to commercialize, but didn't have any academic support from UWaterloo to do so. It was a very logical and sensible rationale for wanting to address a gap in educational necessities, faced by local and international members of UWaterloo. 

- So, during the 2000s and early 2010s, the program was supported via an educational center of UWaterloo's School of Engineering called, "Conrad Center for Business, Entrepreneurship, and Technology." The word "Technology" was deliberately dumped into the center's name, so that the center and the degrees offered by it, could have at least something to do with engineering. 

UWaterloo's Conrad Center has now become, "The Conrad School of Business and Entrepreneurship." It has been designated the status of being independent from the School of Engineering, and also independent from all other colleges, schools, and departments of UWaterloo. Supposedly, its independence, and one-of-a-kind stature is from the idea that foundational philosophies, axioms, and methodologies of The Conrad School of Business and Entrepreneurship, aren't otherwise available in any other school of thought. Indeed, promoting hazardous and shady tactics in the name of `"creative destruction",` and propagating the ethically dubious philosophies of "gray-area transactional dealings", as a necessary building block for commercializing innovations 'in the real world', isn't the foundational basis of any other legitimate school, department, or a college of any scrupulous university. 

During the Presidency of David Johnston in UWaterloo, the topic of entrepreneurship was promoted widely throughout UWaterloo's communications and marketing materials. Mr. Johnston eventually became a Governor General of the British Monarchy in Canada, and was christened knighthood. When Sir David Johnston became the head of Universities Canada, the buzzword called "entrepreneurship" also became incorporated into the formal agenda of Canada's local and international, socio-economic and political endeavors. 

Conceptions of entrepreneurship are as vague and mysterious as human conceptions of God, that is why it has become easy to sell the idea of entrepreneurship to unsuspecting masses by self-proclaimed business gurus, the way the idea of god is easily sold to unassuming masses by televangelists and self-proclaimed holy-men.  

Supposedly, using haphazard ways of peddling degrees about entrepreneurship is in itself, 'entrepreneurial.'  

So, during the 2010s, Universities Canada along with a number of Canadian ["Designated Learning Institutions" (DLIs)](https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/study-canada/study-permit/prepare/designated-learning-institutions-list.html), decided to become 'entrepreneurial' in their endeavors to collect increasingly high tuition fees from gullible students, for so-called professional degrees in entrepreneurship. These degrees pertaining to concepts like "innovation", "commercialization", or "entrepreneurship" have never been, and still cannot be authenticated by any accreditation body; nor can they be applied in any existing professional setting, to prove the proficiency of a graduate of those degree or certificate programs, in the topic of entrepreneurship. 

I was one of those gullible people who bought into UWaterloo's marketing materials for attending MBET, when I came across the program's official website through a Google search about, "product development strategy course." In 2015, I migrated to Canada for attending the MBET program, and halfway through it, the program's instructors decided to abandon the topic of entrepreneurship, and started teaching "intraprenurship." Intraprenurship is a completely bogus and made up buzzword. It is used by 'coaches and mentors' for packaging knockoff versions of topics taught within regular MBA courses. While attending MBET, I came to know that almost all international students and local alumni, were dissatisfied and disappointed, with the quality of the MBET program, and were particularly grieved by the bait-and-switch strategy used by UWaterloo. These types of cunning strategies used by UWaterloo and similar DLIs, to promise one type of coursework, only to suddenly switch its contents midway during the program to something significantly different, after having taken tens of thousands of dollars from each student as tuition fees, all the while making light of the plight of students who happen to speak up, have resulted in a large number of local and international students being defrauded. In this manner, students and graduates of the MBET program have been made to suffer a range of general, specific, and special damages — each year — from the harms inflicted upon us in Canada. 

Each consecutive year, for more than two decades, students were baited, enticed, and lured from around the world, with slick marketing materials about regularized coursework on how to start, and grow a new tech-startup, only to be duped and cheated. The graduated students were then, made silent, out of being too upset and embarrassed about their gullibility, and from feeling haplessly daunted by the apparent futility, of going up against the uncaring attitudes of UWaterloo's leadership and management. 

The main draw of the marketing advertisements used by MBET, at least for me, was that the program was being offered from a well-reputed Canadian university, and that the profiles of the program's instructors advertised their expertise in the fields of business strategy, business management, and accounting. The MBET program also promised a focus on providing coursework for new technology development, and for management of technology intensive product life-cycles. It turned out that each and every cohort of students and alumni, had been complaining to UWaterloo faculty and deans for decades, about the lack of legitimate and worthwhile coursework pertaining to technology development, taught in the MBET program. The other serious concern of many students from each cohort was that their coursework was significantly different from that of the previous years' MBET degree.   

As a response to the voiced and formal complaints expressed by existing students and alumni, an executive and faculty of the MBET program has repeatedly told students: 

>**"We already have your money, so what are you going to do about it now?"**

UWaterloo's false advertisements, and misleading endorsements by persons like Sir David Johnston, about the worthiness and authenticity of programs like MBET, have continued to cause compounding injuries and harms to targeted victims, at an international-scale.

Were the misdeeds of UWaterloo's management and leadership, in baiting local and international students for woefully injurious and inauthentic study programs like MBET, an accident? Were omissions, falsehoods, misrepresentations, and misleading endorsements from the likes of a previous Governor General of Canada, about dirty programs like MBET, a slip or a mistake? Their ongoing denials and cover ups, of their yearly misdeeds and errors, is certainly not a carefree mistake, nor a minor slip up. 

What I learned from the MBET program, and from the culture surrounding a university like UWaterloo, in an OECD country like Canada, is that *"bait-and-switch strategies",* applied with *"smash-and-grab tactics",* using *"bold-faced, frontier-logic"* are practically impossible to counter.  

Now, what can a person like myself, who has a knack for building the biggest of big guns, and who has years of experience in deploying automation tools for a variety of applications, possibly do, in this kind of a situation? 

Do you suppose I can, or have I already, `cut the cake`?

Only one way to find out! :v::sunglasses::sparkles:

---

```
Abbreviations:
DLIs      - Designated Learning Institutions (A legal and technical concept adopted by federal and provincial Governments 
            of Canada, for the process of issuing visas to international students and scholars) 
IRCC      - Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada 
MBA       - Master's of Business Administration
MBET      - Master's of Business, Entrepreneurship, and Technology (A graduate study program in UWaterloo)
OECD      - Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development 
UWaterloo - University of Waterloo (Ontario, Canada)

```

---
<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Top :arrow_up:][Top] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]** 
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC]**

  [Prev]: ./02-2-1.md
  [Top]: ./02-2-2.md#222-professional-misconduct-of-managers-and-leaders-of-uwaterloo
  [Next]: ./02-2-3.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>