<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Table of Contents][TOC] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]**
  
  [Prev]: ./02-2.md
  [Next]: ./02-2-2.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>

---

### 2.2.1 University of Waterloo

In November-December, 2022, I provided a short report to the executive members of University of Waterloo (UWaterloo) via electronic communications. The report detailed ways in which international students were being harmed and cheated by UWaterloo's *Master's of Business Entrepreneurship and Technology (MBET)* program. It also explained the way Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada (IRCC), has continued to play an active role in allowing UWaterloo's MBET program to snare international students, from around the world. Detailed materials provided to UWaterloo showcased how IRCC then sneakily deprives targeted MBET graduates, from obtaining a proper Work Permit, and a Temporary Resident Visa, when the graduate students apply for a work visa, based on their Canadian master's degree, and coursework. Some of the details of the ongoing, multi-decade long, international-scale scam perpetrated via UWaterloo's Conrad School of Business and Entrepreneurship (which used to be called Conrad Center for Business, Entrepreneurship and Technology) are provided in the next section. 

In this section, I'd like to discuss UWaterloo's official responses and actions taken, during the months of November-2022 through March-2023. My polite and candid emails to UWaterloo's leadership and management in November-December of 2022, only received denials and belittling statements in the form of responses. That set of emails is saved online in another repository, for the sake of posterity - https://github.com/true-hindsight/grim-realities/tree/main/emails  

It is entirely evident that UWaterloo's management and leadership were simply uncaring and belittling. They were a complete let-down, and have remained unconscionably irresponsible, in taking appropriate action to protect and serve the best interests of harmed students and alumni. Their priority has instead been to deny and deflect all evidence that proves the illegitimate, inauthentic, and harmful nature of UWaterloo's MBET program. The MBET program's instructors and managers were similarly callous, however their arrogance and obtuse behavior in this regard, has continued to be much more deliberate than the shamelessly uncaring attitude of UWaterloo's authority figures. 

When I presented UWaterloo, especially MBET program's management, with an opportunity to mitigate their liabilities and culpability owing to the chain of events that constitutes the situation expressed in *[The File](https://github.com/true-hindsight/grim-realities/blob/main/navigating-this-gitrepo.md#20-navigating-this-documentation),* they dismissed it.

So, things have naturally come to this juncture, where the public can discern and decide for itself, what is truthful or not, by going through the materials presented in this repository, and in the ones linked herein.

It can be observed, as we look into further details of this escalating situation, that numerous authoritative persons with fiduciary roles from UWaterloo, its affiliates, and its accreditation bodies, willingly tried to treacherously cover up and hide their mistakes, without being remorseful and apologetic in the least bit about their misdeeds, once evidence about their errors with regards to improper treatment of students and alumni, was brought to their attention, and notice. 

**UWaterloo's legal teams and council, seem to have completely forgotten that "the court of public opinion" isn't a subset of courtrooms of Ontario, Canada, and that courts in all regions of the world remain within the purview of — the global community's vigilant eye.** 

---

```
Abbreviations:

IRCC      - Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada 
MBET      - Master's of Business, Entrepreneurship, and Technology (A graduate study program in UWaterloo)
UWaterloo - University of Waterloo (Ontario, Canada)

```

---
<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Top :arrow_up:][Top] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]** 
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC]**

  [Prev]: ./02-2.md
  [Top]: ./02-2-1.md#221-university-of-waterloo
  [Next]: ./02-2-2.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>