<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Table of Contents][TOC] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]**
  
  [Prev]: ./02-1-2.md
  [Next]: ./02-2-1.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>

---

## 2.2 Category II — The Ignorant and Accidental Wrongdoers

The second category of injurious workers includes incompetent, ill trained, careless, uncaring, or carefree professionals who have influence over susceptible or vulnerable people. In this category, professionals who appear conscientious and competent, in most cases of observation, somehow repeatedly commit mistakes or slips, particularly when unsupervised. These wrongdoers tend to unwittingly, or unintentionally contribute to violations that cause severe harms and injuries to serviced people. The set of misbehavior or misdeeds of such employed, or contracted workers, jeopardizes the physical lives, rights, good reputation, relationships, material properties, intellectual properties, and the quality of life of non-targeted victims. 

Sadly, such professionals typically make the negative consequences of their slips and mistakes worse, by willingly and knowingly denying, or covering up their misdeeds — once any evidence of their responsibility or liability for various forms of inaction, negligence, hesitation, hindrance, omissions, and/or commissions are brought to light. This is especially the case in matters where such workers realize that their mistakes and slips can be connected to, or happen to be causally related to: other grievous injuries, or harms suffered by victims due to statutory violations arising from the wrongdoers being complicit in serious crimes, that are already identifiable via the well-defined statutes of a local, or `an international court of law.` The mistakes and slip ups of wrongdoers, that have caused, or continue to cause injuries and damages to vulnerable people, often become violations which can be severely punishable crimes because of the willful cover ups and denials pushed forward by this category of professional workers, for disingenuously hiding or deflecting responsibilities towards properly rectifying their mistakes and slip ups. 

The proper way of rectifying mistakes necessarily includes payment of satisfactory compensations, awards, and remedies for damages, paid out in full, to the harmed victims and survivors; along with formal apologies from the responsible parties to the grieved persons, that clearly indicate admission of guilt on part of the wrongdoers. Proper remedies also necessarily include implementation of systemic rectifications for preventing, and deterring the mistakes from happening again. A failure to do so, is yet another violation added to the list of errors committed by the responsible parties. 

The proper remedy for violations necessarily includes appropriate measures of penalties, and fines levied upon the wrongdoers, in addition to re-enforceable payment of compensations, awards, and restitution paid for damages by the culpable parties, to victims and survivors. 

Here are some of the ways in which responsible parties that have committed mistakes or slips, turn their liabilities into a set of culpability:  

1. Too often, severe and grievous harms produced by accidents are allowed to materialize, and go unchecked by incompetent officers, with complete disregard to the justice and recompense owed to survivors, and to families of victims. This is usually because, after an accident has been identified as a liability of the responsible organization(s) — the level of courage, moral rectitude, and conscientiousness needed to do the honorable thing, is simply missing within the conscience of incumbent officers of the liable organization(s). The types of excuses and justifications used by such feckless, and unscrupulous workers, typically include denials and use of silence as a deflectionary tactic, or deflection of responsibility through the use of statements like:

    - Injuries suffered by any persons weren't due to us or anything that we did incorrectly because we were just doing our jobs, and following our protocols.
	
    - We cannot do anything about injuries suffered by harmed individuals now or in the future because the situation is out of our hands, and not within our control.
	
    - The accident was inevitable, and wasn't due to any involvement from human activities or errors, nor was it due to any mistakes on part of the organization's policies or managerial culture. 
	
    - It was just misfortune, unavoidable happenstance, or fate. Tough luck, lighten up. Get over it, and move on!

1. Any liable agents involved in causing accidents who are legally pursued by a lawsuit, often escape censures and penalties because the managers of the liable organization are able to conveniently wash their hands off of any responsibilities, for providing compensatory remedies to harmed persons, using the "disclaimers, indemnities, and immunity" shored up by their management teams. Wrongdoers can also try to steer victims and survivors towards out-of-court settlements, or binding arbitration, so that they can avoid the due process of investigations, and legal discovery, which can otherwise be mandated by a proper court. This is exponentially problematic when the injurious and harmful agencies are associated with law enforcement, and peacekeeping, where wrongdoers know how to "work the system." One must also recognize that court proceedings can become exorbitantly expensive and time consuming, which can become a source of attrition to plaintiffs, especially if wrongdoers are "insiders," or authority figures, who can use their "prowess" of working the judiciary system. 

1. Institutional and corporate wrongdoers can also exacerbate a situation, by committing the violation of causing attrition to wronged persons seeking justice. They typically do so with the deliberate intentions and designs of making the plaintiffs (who might be public defenders, especially in cases of Public Interest Litigation), give up the right to obtain due justice, on behalf and in favor of: victims, and survivors. Bad-faith actors typically cause delay and attrition by using various forms of denial, deflection, stonewalling, abstention, silence, and excuses such as: 

    - The person in-charge of addressing the issue is indisposed or not available, please try again later.
	
    - We do not have the resources to address the issue at this time. 
	
    - We are simply too swamped and will get back to you later.
	
    - The persons who were involved in causing the issue are no longer with our organization, so we cannot be held responsible as the organization's incumbent leaders or management.
	
    - The time elapsed in being notified about the issue is beyond the statute of limitations as per our policies, or due to the governing legal frameworks that are applicable.
	
    - Our lawyers say that we don't have to respond to this issue because our perception of events and data is different from that which has been presented to us. We do not share the perception of individuals who say that they have been harmed by us in any manner.
	
    - Our legal team says that any perceived damages are fictitious, negligible, or non-specific until otherwise proven in a court of law. So, we presently don't need to do anything about the presented concerns. 
	
    - Redressing the given issue is outside the scope of our job descriptions and we don't know who can help you with this. Good luck! And wish you all the best in your future endeavors.       
    
Let us now go to the next sub-section, to have a look at the culpable actions of members and managers of the University of Waterloo, Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, in perpetuating genocidal activities against minorities as well as international-scale financial scams orchestrated from the Kitchener-Waterloo Region. 

---
<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Top :arrow_up:][Top] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]** 
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC]**

  [Prev]: ./02-1-2.md
  [Top]: ./02-2.md#22-category-ii--the-ignorant-and-accidental-wrongdoers
  [Next]: ./02-2-1.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>