<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Table of Contents][TOC] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]**
  
  [Prev]: ./02-2-2.md
  [Next]: ./02-3-1.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>

---

## 2.3 Category III — The Willful and Deliberate Wrongdoers

The third category of wrongdoers includes employees and contractors, from public and private industry sectors, and also from informal sectors of society, who are the "stewards, standard bearers, or culture carriers." These culture carriers in seats of influence in society, tend to propagate a notable and verifiable set of harmful cultural practices, that have been normalized or regularized in society, by complicit activities of their subordinates and followers. These types of wrongdoers are authoritative, controlling, and influential members of a society who are able to initialize, create, and rigorously maintain the social hierarchy, and a chain-of-command, while propagating their harmful cultural designs. Of course, the harmfulness of their "superior cultural designs" is only directed at selected groups and individuals, due to ideological, socio-political, and economic motivations of the culture carriers. The subordinates and followers of the trend setters who propagate wide-spread violations of basic human rights and civil liberties, agree to, and knowingly consent to the types of destruction and harms inflicted upon targeted communities, and individuals. 

The leaders and complicit members of the destructive clique or faction, carry out covert as well as overt activities to cause injuries, damages, and harms against particular communities by subjugating targeted persons through illegitimate prosecutions, or even persecutions. These types of wrongdoers commit premeditated heinous deeds, by co-opting and utilizing the systematic methods, and the institutional resources available to them from the network of organizations they have burrowed into. These wrongdoers create an environment that rewards different forms of violence and exploitation, thrust upon selected victims. The leaders and followers of the destructive group, are able to exert influence over regional and international government affairs, to mold statutory laws and institutional policies, through lobbying and campaigning, which then make their unethical and injurious activities appear "legal." 

Within this category of wrongdoers, blunt as well as subtle forms of violence against targeted individuals and groups of people, are culturally enforced by the managerial activities of organized professionals. These professionals buy into the same types of discriminatory prejudices held by their in-group's members. Cultural views and practices inculcating discriminatory prejudices against particular non-members and "inferior peoples", are vehemently propagated by their state-sponsored leaders. Their violations and offenses are industrially organized and syndicated via their trained units, as well as unwitting employees and contracted agents, kept under their managerial influence. Such violations against marginalized communities and individuals, through the use of proxy-agents, typically involve various forms of financial, physical, and emotional abuses committed against systematically targeted groups of people. Often, a number of non-targeted people also fall prey to the widespread wrongful activities of such bad-faith actors. 

Indiscriminate abuses committed against non-targeted people, are basically carried out for maintaining the injurious organization's economic, political, and cultural dominance over the general inhabitants within a geographic region, or within a market space. 

However, the more subtle forms of harassment, intimidation, and molestation committed by members of the dominant organization, tend to mask various forms of normalized bigotry, hate, stigmatizing activities, segregationism, sexism, sectarianism, racism, or religious and political discrimination, against profiled individuals and communities.

Any in-group member of the deleterious organization, who dares to speak up against the organization's cardinal theories and central ideologies, or who does not venerate the organization's cultural heroes and authority figures, is penalized, punished, blackballed, publicly humiliated, censured, vilified, or completely ostracized. Also, a more subtle way of eliminating hesitant or reluctant members of the in-group, particularly those members who do not actively participate in furthering the harmful directives of the group's leaders, is to demote, transfer, or even fire the insolent member from employed positions, for not being "teachable or coachable", or for being "a poor cultural fit." 

Additionally, any in-group member who exposes the covert activities of their organization, as a whistleblower, is branded as "a lunatic", "a rat", "a nark", or "a disgruntled person" by the wrongful organization's key members and leaders. The "delinquent", or "out-of-line" person is then further dehumanized, vilified, stigmatized, and made an example of, so that the remaining members of the destructive organization can be subdued and brought under control, and be prevented from "leaking" information to the public about other clandestine activities of the conniving organization. 

Wage and income earners, including those with or without pensions, and even those with "golden parachutes", who perpetrate violations for preserving and increasing the strength of their in-group, pervade throughout societal structures to culturally propagate their harmful designs. Also, such professionals cannot or will not admit to the harmful nature of their exercised privileges, and of their exercised political as well as socio-economic powers in society. Injurious workers and professionals are usually unempathetic, indifferent, and largely oblivious, to the plight and suffering of victims and survivors harmed as a result of their wrongful actions or inaction. Such violators obviously do not share the perspective of those who have been, or are being harmed by them. 

Worst of all, some workers within this category of abusers are particularly sadistic, and even commit serial acts of violence because of their predatory desires, and skewed morals. The abuse of educational, religious, medical, and healthcare facilities by such workers, for carrying out deviant behaviors through the use of sexual, psychological, chemical, biochemical, thermal, or electromechanical techniques, is a particularly severe and problematic issue. Especially workers who have been put through rituals of *"blooding"* or *"fox-hunting",* tend to develop a taste for degrading human beings under their control, and for torturing people or animals for satisfying their blood-lust. Some even perpetrate serial killings and murders for self-satisfaction; or for preserving the dominance of their inner-circle of posies, over regions within the human ecology that happen to be under their supervisory control. They often carry out their nefarious deeds by abusing their seat of authority and power, hidden away from any kind of scrutiny. When they are caught, they conveniently have ways of evading due processes of justice, and tend to justify their deeds as, "necessary evil." However, a number of them remain openly and arrogantly opposed to what they derisively term as "woke culture." And some even appear profusely gleeful in public, especially while running for a publicly elected office, about the wide-area and large-scale harms they are able to directly cause, or orchestrate, against their selected targets. 

These types of wrongful activities have been sustained in various parts of the world including Canada, on a daily basis, against profiled and targeted communities, via the colluding nature of interactions among various authorized and state-sponsored groups — for decades. One might even take into account the atrocities committed against indigenous and First Nations peoples in Canada by European Settlers, to realize that such tragedies have continued for centuries, which have now started to also be directed at other groups and peoples who reside in, or happen to visit Canada.  


---
<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Top :arrow_up:][Top] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]** 
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC]**

  [Prev]: ./02-2-2.md
  [Top]: ./02-3.md#23-the-willful-and-deliberate-wrongdoers
  [Next]: ./02-3-1.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>