<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Table of Contents][TOC] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]**
  
  [Prev]: ./02-3-1-3.md
  [Next]: ./02-3-2-1.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>

---

### 2.3.2 Hate Crimes and Genocidal Activities

The injurious culture sustained by a set of colluding institutions and private organizations, against targeted groups of people, can be of a murderous nature, apart from an exploitative one. The coordinated efforts of a number of organizations, due to preconceived prejudices held by members of those organizations, can result in institutionalized practices, protocols, and policies that not only seek to subvert or marginalize a target group, but also to eliminate the targeted communities and individuals. 

The goal of eliminating, that is, killing the targeted persons, can be orchestrated by a racist regime in a overt way, or through more clandestine and surreptitious means. Activities that generate egregious bodily injuries, death, or inter-generational harm, especially against profiled individuals via cultural misappropriation and political abuse of sciences, are categorized as genocidal activities. The overt forms of genocide are undoubtedly fiendish, but the covert forms of genocide are most certainly more insidious than covert strategies and tactics of committing mass murder. 

Genocidal activities that are driven by indoctrination, hatred, or bigotry, manifest in society as — hate crimes, and premeditated homicides against targeted individuals — before they become normalized and industrially propagated, as full-fledged genocides and pogroms against entire communities, or groups of individuals. 

Even in situations where the targeted persons don't end up getting killed, or made permanently disabled, the act of driving people out of their homes, and away from a particular geographic region by causing disruptions to their household, is still genocidal. Chasing people away from their homes, and causing devastation to their source of livelihood, family life, civil liberties, and household conditions, through belligerent or subtle forms of harassment, are the main types of genocidal activities aimed at resource-grabbing, and "ethnic-cleansing." 

However, for a country like Canada, the act of appearing boldly racist and outright hostile to any community, has been too expensive, and simply unaffordable from a human resources perspective. The challenge for certain private and public institutions in Canada, isn't that practicing racism has been, is, and would continue to be dishonorable, inglorious, and disgraceful for the good of humanity; the challenge for racists within Canadian private and state-sponsored agencies, in being openly racist, is merely of inconvenience and of slightly uneconomic nature. Their attempts to implement openly confrontational forms of racist designs, have been somewhat hampered by what they like to pejoratively ascribe as [wokeness](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Woke) in North America. So, the preferred method of committing genocides in Canada against marginalized communities, has involved the use of anonymity and automation, along with a network of coordinated agencies which can perform their finite set of specialized actions, in subtle ways that are invisible to the public's eye. The eventual outcome of those subtle activities that are carried out in an industrially organized form, is to eliminate targeted persons using the guise of needing to provide commercial, or public services to the residents of a city, or a neighborhood. 

For racist organizations, Eugenics has been the most 'humane' and swift method of inflicting wounds upon target groups, such that their methods of causing reproductive harms and injuries to targeted individuals, will not be viewed by the rest of the world along with its international agencies concerned with human rights, as being overtly destructive and immediately lethal. Eugenics has continued to be the preferred method of, *"nipping the problem in the bud",* where the problem from the perspective of racists is: the mixing of impure and unclean blood into the gene-pool of the more desirable race of human beings, within <ins>their</ins> homeland. Racists operating through and within, networks of private and state-sponsored organizations, have typically used industrially orchestrated methods of sterilizing undesirable ethnic communities, and other targeted groups of people, as part of "the final solution" to establishing their vision of "a proper world order." 

Different groups of racists in different parts of the world, are each convinced in their own way, that they have a god-given-duty to *re-establish* a particular version of societal norms and social etiquette, which reportedly existed in a particular part of the Earth, hundreds or thousands of years ago. The reports of what that golden era of human civilization was supposed to be, are available in various mythological stories, legends, folklore, and within certain interpretations of archaeological as well as architectural artifacts available in the current time period of our globalized existence. A number of those reports have been codified, or turned into a canonical compendium, to form a set of religious texts. Among multiple religions, each with their own range of quality of religious texts, the racist versions of those very same texts, conveniently tend to highlight cherry-picked portions, which in-turn tend to justify racial segregationism and profiling, for all intents and purposes. Racism as an individual choice, that is propagated via group-think, isn't confined to any one political viewpoint, religious sect, nor a vocation based social system, of any single nation. Racism is a more fundamental model of realism, directly asserted by racists as the foundational "truth" acting upon the socio-economic, religious, and geo-political realities of all countries and nations. 

In keeping with their asserted realism and worldviews, racists evangelize their ideologies centered around the concept of a Master Race; whereby, the Master Race that is supposed to be at the helm of the "divinely ordained hierarchical social order", and the "naturally set biological ranking of all species", gets to decide which particular race or groupings of human beings belong at a particular level of a religious, and biological hierarchy. Such a "universal hierarchy", as envisioned by the type of ethos, and mythologies a particular group of racists happen to subscribe to, becomes the driving force of institutionalized policies and protocols, practiced by organizations that are fashioned on the basis of racism. Leaders, managers, and key members of such racist organizations operate, with the unspoken intentions of weeding out "bizarre or queer misfits", who do not cheerfully and readily align with their prescribed organizational culture. And even though, the concept of a Master Race is horrendously absurd to any sufficiently educated person, racists believe that it is incumbent upon the Master Race along with its organizations, to decide and enforce, by way of its "manifest destiny" and "innate exceptionalism", which set of human beings along with each category of creation in the Universe, get to serve it in a particular utilitarian role and capacity. Each racist individual who "rationally" accepts racist views, consequently works towards having their conglomerations, take or re-take, their authoritative position upon the helm of all communities, nations, and pan-national societies, "by any and every means necessary." 

Different groups of racists who form different "parties", or "monarchies", are obviously at odds, and are given to rivalry with each other, because of the irreconcilable mythologies and narratives they've subscribed to. A decent and secular society, on the other hand, is supposed to acknowledge, and amicably cooperate with the differences within the varied realities of individuated communities and nations; wherein each of those communities and nations, happens to be at a particular stage of anthropological evolution. Consequently, secular societies develop and demonstrate their sense of aesthetics, ethos, range of social etiquette, and judiciary norms based on progressive, multicultural, non-prejudiced viewpoints, that seek scientific and logical justifications for any formally implemented legal practices. Canada, has constantly advertised itself to the international community as a humanitarian country with progressive norms. It projects itself as a nation-state that opposes racially motivated and discriminatory actions, in every arena where overt and underhanded forms of those types of injurious actions, may take place. Canada repeatedly affirms and promises through its widely promoted communications and charters, that it takes special attention and care to maintain such standards and values, within the official corridors and annals of its educational, financial, and legal institutions. 

However, the long-standing dishonesty and hypocrisy of self-righteous institutions, that continue to operate from within Canadian provinces, is evident in the way racial prejudices are embedded in the functions of provincial and federal public-service units. Those units along with their private contractors, have continued to marginalize, injure, harm and even murder indigenous communities, as well as particular groups of newcomers to Canada, in a targeted and systematic way, out of racial prejudices and other ill-informed cultural biases. Their unabated dishonesty and hypocrisy, is also evident in the way tax-funded organizations begin their meetings or events, with a paltry and empty gesture of saying "thanks" to the murdered native tribes of North America, whose lands and resources were stolen through acts of genocide, for giving way to the disgustingly polluting lifestyle of existing generations of settlers, and immigrants. It is even evident in their Islamophobic behaviors and multi-media communications, among numerous private and public occasions. 

Furthermore, the most significant evidence of normalized genocidal hypocrisy and injustice in Canada, that is endemic to Canadian tax-funded systems, can be observed within the way Canadian provincial, and federal governments have continued to hem and haw, about **reparations**, without ever doing anything that is serious and genuine towards reconciliation. None of the harmed, or systematically hampered communities and groups in Canada, have ever been properly compensated, nor appropriately apologized to in earnest, and in sincerity. The inter-generational harm and ongoing surreptitious violence against targeted group in Canada, is only being dismissed, covered up, and white-washed by Canadian authority figures and main-stream institutions. Those authority figures and institutions, are so far from even stopping their fiendishly orchestrated forms of negligence and violence, that one can completely put aside, or any expectations of an admission of guilt, and any hopes of a sincere apology from those rampant wrongdoers. All prospects and avenues towards genuine reconciliation have thus been blocked, by deliberate and meticulous behaviors of those, responsible, authorities and key institutions.  

The course of justice and societal evolution in such situations, can only follow the path laid out by those who can properly discern and act, with steady steps towards penalizing and rectifying those devastatingly harmful, conniving groups and institutions, that have continued to stand in the way of genuine progress and reconciliation. 

To recapitulate:

>It is of utmost importance to observe and recognize that, exploitative violations committed against selectively targeted groups and individuals, are tantamount to genocidal activities when committed with designs that generate: 
>  
>- reproductive harms, bodily injuries, debilitation, pain or suffering from cruelties, degrading humiliation, psychological devastation, torment, torture, fatalities, financial losses, socio-economic damages, forced assimilation, habitat destruction, unlawful evictions, mass terror, promotion of sectarian hate groups, political suppression, and/or religious repression. 
>    
>Violations are also genocidal in nature when they involve actions for depriving, or degrading, the basic human rights and civil liberties of: profiled individuals who constitute a category, or a class, within or of themselves. Activities for profiling individuals and communities are typically committed on the basis of: 
>
>- age, gender, creed, region of birth, ethnicity, skin color, sexual orientation, linguistic background, legal status, financial status, or other distinctive class based features. 
>
>It must also be noted that activities of targeting victims via profiling, is the most severe transgression of civil and human rights, which can be easily hidden by wrongdoers, by the use of proxy agents and sophisticated computation based technologies, for perpetrating their bad deeds.

Of course, *frontier-logic* states that if someone has been able to get away with slitting your throat and snatching your resources, then your throat and your resources already belonged to them in the first place. But, dear Canada, as you can see, your agents and their parent agencies haven't managed to get away with their dastardly deeds, and with their fiendishly insidious activities. Moreover, they will never be a to get away with their violations and transgressions, as long as there is even a single being in this entire universe, that is able to recognize their acts of treachery and their crimes against humanity.  

---
<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Top :arrow_up:][Top] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]** 
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC]**

  [Prev]: ./02-3-1-3.md
  [Top]: ./02-3-2.md
  [Next]: ./02-3-2-1.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>