<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Table of Contents][TOC] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]**
  
  [Prev]: ./02-3-2-1.md
  [Next]: ./02-3-2-3.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>

---

### 2.3.2.2 Genocidal Activities Conducted by a Nexus of Canadian Institutions 

Had I not been working on drone technologies for American defense agencies during the years 2008-2009, via University of Iowa in the USA; and had I not witnessed mass murders of children and women in remote villages of Afghanistan committed by US-led armed forces during that time, I would have been a happy-go-lucky person the rest of my life in my twenties and thirties.  

The type of horrors and devastation I had to withstand from the year 2010 onward, are explained in *[Chapter 16, of the File.](https://github.com/true-hindsight/grim-realities/blob/main/navigating-this-gitrepo.md#20-navigating-this-documentation)* After picking up the remaining pieces of my life, I tried to move-on, and put the tragedies I had witnessed as well as suffered in person, behind me, to work on topics as far away from the concept of weaponry and "weaponization of things." I spent more than seven years hiding and running away from units of American-led armed forces. Those forces had started targeting persons like Assange, Manning, and Snowden while using a whole new interpretation of the incumbent American government's maxim of, "Don't Ask, Don't Tell."  

I did not have the courage to speak up about what I had witnessed within battle-damage assessment videos that I had to review, as part of my work during the year 2008, nor did I want to reside in a country where I would be at constant risk of being targeted by policing, military, and para-military units of American agencies, if I were to provide a witness-statement to anyone. So I moved to Canada. Why Canada? I wasn't smart either, apart from being cowardly. Somehow, it had never occurred to me that Canadian institutions, agencies, and even corporate entities could be subservient to American ones. I had to learn that the hard way. 

However, why did I even think about going to Canada? All I can recollect now is that a friend who had visited Hamilton, Ontario, told me that Canada was a beautiful place with good people. After that I searched online for a master's degree program in business within any Canadian university. And that is how I eventually enrolled into UWaterloo's MBET program in the year 2015. I wanted to work on augmenting things for wellness and healthcare that could be made accessible to ordinary people, instead of working on gain-of-function research sponsored by American military forces, for making things lethal and destructive.  

Had I not been lured by the marketing materials presented by UWaterloo on their website and in their communications with me, I would not have invested my trust in their MBET program. Midway through the MBET program it had become evident to me that the program was bogus, and unworthy. The MBET program's inauthentic and illegitimate nature, was evident to other students as well. As a response to our formal complaints and voiced concerns, all of us students of the 2015-2016 cohort, were bluntly and arrogantly told by an MBET executive who was, and is still a UWaterloo professor, "We already have your money, so what are you going to do about it now?"

MBET has been UWaterloo's cash cow. Its annual fees for international students has remained eight times greater than the most expensive accredited study program and degree offered by UWaterloo, that is, the Actuarial Science program with its two year long masters degree coursework. 

Following the humiliation and cheating MBET students were made to suffer, upon completion of the one year program, we were indeed given a master's degree by UWaterloo. That post-graduate degree made international student graduates, eligible for staying and working in Canada, by applying for a Post Graduate Work Permit (PGWP) along with its associated Temporary Resident Visa (TRV).

Had I not discovered IRCC's treachery, and racially prejudiced protocols and procedures, upon filing for a Canadian Permanent Residency card in September-November 2019, I would not have been upset about being grievously mistreated. I came to learn the hard way that IRCC's professional misconduct and discriminatory behaviors, have always been a part of Canada's state-sponsored apparatus for committing genocides, against targeted communities and individuals. 

However, the thing that was burdening my conscience, more than the ways in which my life was degraded by UWaterloo-MBET and IRCC, was the data and knowledge I had about US-led military operations involving drones, which had been targeting unarmed civilians in Middle-Eastern and African countries. In December 2018, I had discovered an old hard-disk of mine which had some data backed up form my work in 2008-2009. I had copied that data to my Google Drive's online private repository. I had retained that data even though I did not know to whom I would be able to relay it to, for purposes of exposing the types of thefts, and mass murders committed by US-led defense R&D groups and conglomerates. Prior to applying for a Permanent Residency card, in June-July of 2019, I had started seeking professional psychological counseling because of the hardships, and distress I was facing around that time period. During the months from June to November 2019, I had met with a peer-support group, where "confidentiality and trust was of paramount importance." Believing in the formally stated rules and policies of that support group, during an in-person meeting held at "a safe location behind closed doors", I happened to mention that I had data in a secure folder within my private Google Drive, about mass shootings and bombings committed by US-led forces. Those deliberate acts of war crimes and mass shootings, were carried out against unarmed civilians in Afghanistan and Iraq, during the recent decades.  

A day following that group meeting, my computer networks were hacked, and only the particular folder, containing evidence about mass murders conducted via drone warfare by US-led forces, was tampered with. 

Had I not been open about the burdensome issues and feelings I was dealing with, during a formal group-support meeting, confidential information stored in my private repository, about genocides being conducted by US-led armed forces against unarmed, and innocent civilians, would not have been tampered with, by local agents. Following that hacking incident conducted by clandestine agents operating within Kitchener-Waterloo Region, my home was invaded multiple times, when my wife and I were outside our apartment building on errands. Things were ransacked in our house but nothing was taken during those incidents of home invasion. And then, the local police started harassing me. Details of those incidents, and of the insidious provocations directed against my family by Waterloo Regional Police Services (WRPS), are provided in *Chapters 8 through 10 of the File.*

The consequences of those incidents that included cyber-attacks, bullying, home invasions, and physical harassment were horribly severe, as they terrorized my family, defiled our home, desecrated every safe place available to us, destroyed our livelihood, and caused the death of our child that my wife and I were planning to have. 

Dear Canada, you most certainly have always known that a falcon, regardless of how agile and swift it may be, does not fly with its egg in its beak, nor in its talons. And you definitely have always known that, nothing in a nest can possibly survive in peace, once the nest is segregated and turned upside-down. Your agents and agencies betrayed my trust, and thoroughly violated each and every aspect of my life, as well as that of my family. Your agents along with their colluding organizations, inflicted permanent wounds and damages upon us, out of discriminatory prejudices and long-standing systemic bigotry. You sought to end my lineage and family name. Of course, you and your agencies, did not even bother stop there. You went onto commit even more heinous, fouls and violations, against my religion, personhood, character, and against my honor as a man. 

**Now, specifically in the context of *The File*:**

1. I would like to point out the mistakes, slips, and violations of the Canadian Mental Health Association (CMHA), that caused a cascade of errors to be committed by agencies coordinating with it. 
    
1. I received my Canadian healthcare records in August-Sept 2020, which were deliberately delayed by CMHA in being delivered to me, and were also tampered with in conniving ways by CMHA members. After going through my medical records I noticed that in mid-2019, an intake worker from CMHA-Kitchener had indicated in her hand written intake-form, that I had contacts with Edward Snowden. This turned into a particularly problematic and negatively compounding error that was initialized by that intake worker because I have never had any contacts or communications with Snowden. Such indelible remarks in my healthcare records included by the intake worker's handwritten text, which casually mentioned such a made-up accusation against me, was ginned up further by other CMHA workers during fall and winter of 2019. Much worse forms of treachery were then committed against me, by CMHA members, who fabricated and introduced a range of malicious lies into my confidential records. The details of how those wretched violations were committed with the involvement of a Justice of The Peace in Ontario are provided in *The File.* 
 
1. The CMHA was evidently brainstorming for ideas to paint me as a 'violent psychopath,' as discussed in their internal meetings. The notes of those internal CMHA meetings somehow became a part of my healthcare and medical data. 
1. During the second week of May 2020, in orchestrating a false arrest leading to an illegitimate detention, CMHA workers used software tools and technologies to "prime and prep" WRPS officers. For some reason, social workers in CMHA think that they ought to be proud that they managed to successfully prime and prepare the local police, against falsely accused persons like myself. CMHA workers even bothered to note their premeditated efforts in their own words, in my healthcare dataset. It is possible that they were trying to indicate to their supervisors via notes taken in their databases, that they were abiding by the training and instructions given to them. 

1. It is very important to note that the software tools used by CMHA and WRPS for coordinating their actions, include one known as "Health-IM." This particular software suite was promoted and propagated in Ontario by faculty members of UWaterloo's MBET program, and also by members of "The Accelerator Center."

1. It is likely that previous as well as current UWaterloo members, particularly faculty members and executives of the MBET program, happen to have traded in shares of, or happen to still be shareholders of the company that supplies Health-IM software to public service providers. 

1. For many years, Health-IM was paraded and lauded among events sponsored by UWaterloo, as a company that could make the process of arrests more efficient, and also for being able to make the work of police officers more responsive. At multiple occasions during those events, publicly expressed questions about how that software tool was safe and helpful, for the persons impacted by policing actions, was neglected or circumvented by its promoters and proprietors. Similarly, all questions about features and designs that could prevent, or preclude, public service units from abusing that software were silenced, sidelined, or brushed aside by its promoters and proprietors. 

1. As it turns out, *Section 12 of The File* (disclosed [here](https://github.com/true-hindsight/grim-realities/blob/main/disclosed/git_repo-section_12-grim_realities_of_life_in_canada-2023_02_05.pdf)), shows exactly how that software has continued to be misused, and abused, by the nexus between UWaterloo, CMHA, WRPS, and the Offices of The Justice of The Peace in Ontario. Their coordinated activities have continued to generate utterly insidious and deplorable schemes against profiled minorities, like Muslims and newcomers. A much worse issues arises from murderous errors involving a person's policing and healthcare records. The error is due to the way private and confidential data is stored and shared among inter-connected agencies, via the use of technologies like Health-IM. The issue is about the use of punitive medicine on targeted individuals within Grand River Hospitals and Clinics (GRHC). Evidently, GRHC has also been a participatory member of the genocidal nexus operating in, and out of: Ontario, Canada. 

1. I was illegitimately detained at GRHC during May of 2020, **in the month of Ramadan,** under the false pretexts of needing to be administered 'mental health therapy.' The arresting officers created false evidence using Health-IM software to indicate that I was a "danger to self or others," and was going through 'a mental health crisis.' My healthcare and police interaction files were spiked by a group of coordinating agents, instructed and trained to do so by their agencies, particularly, using communication and coordination tools like the Health-IM software suite. 

1. Following the arrest, the professional and medical opinion of doctors in GRHC, as a medical diagnosis printed in my permanent medical records was, "euthymia." Euthymia or euthymic medical issues happen to be archaic terminologies used in euro-centric psychiatry journals, from the 19th Century CE, that have long since been abolished in modern medicine. Euthymia used to be grafted as an excuse by medical examiners against serfs and slaves — to forcibly administer medical procedures on involuntary human subjects — by stating that the examining medical practitioners suspected internal or psycho-pathological diseases, that didn't otherwise manifest in any outward behavioral change or concerning outlook of the subject, during medical examinations. 

1. Any reasons that WRPS and its coordinating agencies can state regarding my arrest, such as, "the arrest was a precautionary measure," or "we had probable cause to suspect the person as being dangerous," or "all this was just a case of mistaken identity, and we regret that such errors happened, but we were only doing our jobs" — are entirely bogus, fabricated, and disingenuous. Their reasons for arresting me without due process with a fabricated probable cause, to then have me forcibly made to suffer reproductive harms under punitive medicine, was entirely due their bigotry and due to their genocidal motivations against ethnic minorities.

1. Details of the political agenda in subjecting me to biochemically induced visceral harms, as expressed directly to me, by the persons who had filed a writ for my continued detention following my wrongful arrest, are provided in *The File.* However, the most important factor indicating their bigoted motivations are as follows: 

    >At GRHC, on the day of my arrest, I was administered heavy doses of a cocktail of drugs without my informed consent. *I was then subjugated to acts of entrapment,* by being forced to talk to a person with an Arabic sounding name over a telephone landline in GRHC. This act of entrapment was carried out while having me put under the influence of forcibly administered, highly toxic, narcotic drugs. The man with the Arabic sounding name and voice on the phone, claimed that he was my brother, and that he wanted to converse with me, even though he didn't seem to be able to say my name the way any of my actual relatives or acquaintances do. This method of entrapment was clearly to force an association between me and the person who had the particular Arabic name, in order to falsely establish evidence about me being a danger to society, who could then be framed as somebody on a path to violence or terrorism, from being discernibly linked or associated with that person. In this manner, Canadian agents via the GRHC tried to surreptitiously create evidence about me having discernible contacts with said person, via cunning methods of entrapment, while having me put under extreme duress in a jail-like environment. This type of entrapment further proves that the unnecessary 'medical treatments' forcibly administered to me in GRHC, were state-sponsored medical malpractices, specifically aimed against Muslims and minority groups in Canada out of racially motivated discriminatory prejudices.

1. Details about the methods of psychological torment and physical torture that I was subjected to, during the subsequent weeks of my illegal detention in GRHC are explained in *The File.* Those details also provide the names and designations, of the abusers and violators who tormented, and tortured me. Most injurious and hurtful aspect of their abusive mistreatment was the fact that, 

    >**I was explicitly told by the person in-charge that I was being subject to terrible conditions, in order to see how I would react if I were denied liberties to practice Islamic supplications during the month of Ramadan and, very specifically, on the day of Eid. I was expected to comply with their tortuous and repressive conditions, and to 'confide to a spiritual counselor and Christian priest' who was sent to me. I was bluntly told, straight to my face, that my Islamic beliefs and priorities were reasons that indicated I had 'psychosis,' and therefore, needed to be 'cured' using harsh narcotic drugs, by overriding my free-will, and against my protests.**
    
1. Those unethical and unnecessary 'medical treatments', were coincidentally, contraindicated against my actual medical history that was all the while available to the supervising medical staff and doctors of GRHC. Worst of all, during my illegitimate detention and torment, I was cunningly denied access to any legal aid by GRHC, and was subject to cruel, degrading and humiliating treatment for weeks, that was aimed at crushing my spirit and personhood. 

1. These types of human rights violations, and murderous activities aren't a one-off incident in Canada; they are codified and normalized malevolent activities, that are practiced via long-standing institutional policies and protocols, throughout Canada and the United States, as noted by the American Psychological Association [^1].

</br>

From the above discussion and from the materials disclosed in the previous sections, we have thus come to learn about the genocidal nexus between: 

- **Canadian Secret Services,** which profile, monitor, track, and then surreptitiously harass the targeted person, using the designs and intents of: Canada's Eugenics programs, and cyber-warfare strategies; in order to stymie, terrorize, disquiet, provoke, and unsettle — the targeted person as well as their family members, and 'known associates' 

- **UWaterloo,** which supplies coordination tools like Health-IM, indoctrinates new enforcers, propagates discriminatory ideologies and policies, as well as provides approbations to members of the nexus to conduct their overt and covert, genocidal activities 

- **IRCC,** which makes sure that persons being targeted are put in a legal bind, and into financial, as well as emotional distresses through its institutionalized policies, protocols, and practices

- **CMHA,** which does the dirty works of: gas-lighting the target person, forcibly administering harmful narcotic drugs in the community, and fabricating evidence against targets that can then be passed onto authorities for official stamps of approval

- **Offices of The Justice of The Peace, in Ontario,** which approve and authorize the falsified documents prepared by entities like CMHA, while encouraging officers of the court who have held leadership and executive roles in places like UWaterloo, to promote discriminatory statutes and public policies

- **WRPS,** which, as the enforcers, do the next set of dirty work in arresting each targeted person on additional false charges fabricated using information technology tools like Health-IM, while coordinating with other members of the nexus via "official protocols, practices, and tools and technologies"

- **GRHC,** which does the wet-work of producing reproductive harms and pernicious bodily injuries upon the captive person, as per the designs and intents of Canada's Eugenics programs, while providing the detention facilities along with the cover of, "therapy administered by 'qualified and esteemed' medical professional for 'the best interests' of the involuntarily detained persons, and for 'the greater public good'"

- **Carizon,** which placates and distracts the abused person who is somehow still alive, and downplays the type and extent of harms suffered by the person, in order to make them more pliable for being assimilated in Canadian main-stream society through force or deception; while making sure that the wronged persons do not retaliate in any way out of anger and disgust, by "re-contextualizing the memories and emotions" pertaining to the abuses suffered by each person and their targeted communities

- **City's municipality, as well as regional, provincial and federal government organizations,** all of whom collectively route funding and resources for the nefarious operations conducted by their 'indemnified and protected' agencies, with the aid of private contractors, consultants, and suppliers

>So, dear Canada, need I say that you have crossed a line? 
>
>You've crossed every red line, as well as every ethical and civic boundary conceivable, by conducting insidious and systematic acts of genocide against persons like myself. 
>
>Do you now properly understand, how and why, you've come to hand me *absolute rights to justified retaliations?* No? Well, do you suppose it would make any worthwhile positive difference to wronged persons, if you were to deny or deflect, the level of your culpability due to the range of malicious, murderous, and terrorizing activities conducted by your trained and authorized agents, and agencies, which have continued to act under your directives, against Muslims, and other minorities? 
>
>Will you ever, sincerely and earnestly, put in the effort to remedy the errors of your ways, or at least halt the violations and abuses that you've continued to perpetrate against humanity? Or will you instead, continue to orchestrate your heinous and deplorable deeds? That too, without taking responsibility and admitting guilt for your crimes against humanity? And, without ever presenting satisfactory remedies and a formal public apology, to any of the victims and survivors, of your dishonorable behaviors and wretched crimes?  
>
>In that case, am I going to be merciful and forgiving, towards your vile agents and agencies? All I can say is, all forms of mercy and forgiveness, are imprudently wasted upon: unrepentant, malicious fiends. I would rather not be wasteful.  

---

```
Abbreviations:
CMHA      - Canadian Mental Health Association (Kitchener-Waterloo Region, Ontario)
GRHC      - Grand River Hospitals and Clinics
IRCC      - Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship, Canada
MBET      - Master's of Business, Entrepreneurship, and Technology (A graduate study program in UWaterloo)
PGWP      - Post Graduate Work Permit
R&D       - Research & Development 
TRV       - Temporary Resident Visa
US, USA   - United States of America
UWaterloo - University of Waterloo
```

[^1]: *APA apologizes for longstanding contributions to systemic racism,* https://www.apa.org/news/press/releases/2021/10/apology-systemic-racism

---
<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Top :arrow_up:][Top] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]** 
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC]**

  [Prev]: ./02-3-2-1.md
  [Top]: ./02-3-2-2.md#2322-genocidal-activities-conducted-by-a-nexus-of-canadian-institutions
  [Next]: ./02-3-2-3.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>