<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Table of Contents][TOC] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]**
  
  [Prev]: ./02-3-2.md
  [Next]: ./02-3-2-2.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>

---

### 2.3.2.1 Bigotry and Racial Prejudices Embedded Within The Functions of IRCC

The following discussion isn't from my 'limited and constricted' viewpoint of Canadian society, it is a straightforward comparison of Nazi literature and IRCC's foundational principles. The comparison, factually demonstrates the true nature and source of IRCC's motivations, in selectively harming newcomers to Canada, by underhandedly erecting hidden barriers within the path towards residency and citizenship, against profiled and targeted newcomers. By continuing to do so even in this day and age, the IRCC has deprived numerous innocent individuals and families, on a daily basis, of their rightful entitlements for an appropriate legal status in Canada, while betraying their trust, and not treating them with the required honesty, respect, equity, safety, and dignity they most certainly deserve. 

The physical and socio-economic damages generated as a result of IRCC's dishonesty and treachery, only leads to devastation and deprivation, suffered by people who cannot even properly identify how they came to be ruinously harmed. The inability of harmed individuals to seek justice and recompense, has been mainly due to the stealthy and pernicious nature of the state-sponsored apparatus deployed against them. 

Let us first look at the Nazi literature produced by Franz Pfeffer von Salomon, and then compare it to the principles and statutory mechanisms used by IRCC. 

One can read about the Nazi ideology proposed by Franz Pfeffer in "Chapter 60 - Barren Trees" of the book titled, "Fascism," that has been edited and compiled by Roger Griffin [^1]. Franz Pfeffer's political and sociological ideology proposed a method for breeding a new race of white supremacy by weeding out 'inferior races' through Eugenics. Franz Pfeffer also promoted the
idea of fundamental inequality, even among Nordic, Germanic, as well as other European, and Eurasian people, due to his notions about differences at the group level of human social behavior which he believed, arose strictly from an individual's genetics and skills. This form of ableism and Nazi rhetoric, was formalized by Franz Pfeffer in his writings, which were adopted by the [Sturmabteilung](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sturmabteilung) (The Nazi *SA* group), and fanatically enforced by the [Schutzstaffel](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schutzstaffel) (The Nazi *SS* group).

The main programmatic principles and criteria of The Nazi SA and SS, are quoted here using an extended quotation from *Barren Trees.* The main principles and criteria of Canada's immigration policies have similar verbiage and identical semantic content as these quoted Nazi principles and ideas. Though Canada's immigration policies have been amended numerous times, since the inception of Canadian constitutional laws, its core contents that match the Nazi program have remained unaltered, and have remained identical to points *(1) through (4)*, termed as the criteria for placing a value on human lives, in the following excerpt from Franz Pfeffer's writings —

```
"All Germans are unequal. That is the starting-point. [...] The first logical conclusion to be drawn from inequality is the
 inequality of value. Some Germans are more valuable than others. A logical consequence of this inequality must be the
 principle of unequal treatment, that is, unequal share of state power, property, culture. All these must be distributed to
 people on the basis of how valuable they are. [...] A further logical consequence of inequality in what people are worth,
 and the continuous changes brought about by the development of the nation, is the duty of the state to take charge of this
 development, which means influencing it in every way possible. 
 
 Excellence must be increased and enhanced further. Inferiority must be reduced. In plain terms this is a question of breeding.
 Improving the stock of the race. [...] 
 
 From the above considerations I can draw up the following programmatic demands of our future state. [...] To determine the
 degree of higher or lower value of all inhabitants of Germany, the value will be assessed as the function of four criteria:

 (1) Actual performance in their professions
 
 (2) Physical attributes according to health and racial characteristics
 
 (3) Spiritual, moral and cultural traits
 
 (4) Hereditary traits evaluated by considering parents and grandparents
 
 No pity is to be shown to those who occupy the lower categories of the inferior groups: cripples, epileptics, the blind,
 the insane, the deaf and dumb, children born in sanatoria for alcoholics or in care, orphans, children born out of wedlock, 
 criminals, whores, the sexually disturbed, etc. Everything done for them not only means taking resources away from more
 deserving causes but counteracts the breeding selection process. Nor should we mourn the dumb, the week, the spineless, the
 apathetic, those with hereditary diseases, the pathological, because they go under 'innocently.' [...] This bottom category
 means destruction and death. Weighed and found wanting. Trees which do not bear fruit should be cut down and thrown into the
 fire."
```

Any individual who goes through the Canadian immigration process via its Permanent Residency or Citizenship programs, is subject to the above type of humiliating, and degrading, selection and selective breeding process, by being meticulously prodded, poked, and inspected by state-sponsored secret agents and doctors. Certain state-sponsored doctors in Canada are charged with the responsibility of evaluating every portion of a newcomer's body, behavior, cultural outlook, educational background, skill sets, aptitudes, revenue generating potential, and even genetics (that too via illegally obtained genetic materials) — to decide on whether the state-mandated criteria of fitness, and the requirements for assimilation into existing Canadian main-stream society, can be fulfilled by the newcomer.

The graded and sifted immigrants, as well as refugees (including prisoners of war who are illegitimately labeled as refugees) are then systematically slotted into a low paying dull-dirty-dangerous job, as determined by the immigration and labor requirements of various Canadian provinces. This keeps the newcomers stuck in a debt-trap.

A person concerned about how IRCC is being characterized in this so-called editorial piece, might say, in their attempt at being more fair and balanced, that the thorough medical checkup given to an applicant of a permanent residency program, by particular doctors who work more closely with Canada's provincial and federal government agencies, is to assure that the applicant would receive the best treatment within Canada for any acute or long-term ailments they might have. Or if necessary, be advised to seek suitable treatment upon being returned to their country of origin, when their application is denied. Now, even after tolerating that kind of facetiousness and double speak, I would like to point out that applicants for programs leading to permanent residency or citizenship, typically happen to live in Canada for years, during which period they already avail provincial healthcare facilities. The complete data about the applicant's bodily functions, along with its analysis, is already available within government controlled databases. Therefore, there is no genuine need to evaluate permanent residency and citizenship applicants, as if they are horses or slaves, being inspected for a trade show or a sale. 

So then, one might say, in an attempt to be more fair and balanced, that particular gang-members as well as criminals or ex-criminals with distinctive tattoos, at times, omit telling the truth about their background in their permanent residency applications. That omission can be caught, only through a full medical screening process because that data isn't collected by general physicians who attend to the applicant during doctor-patient interactions, while the applicant is living in Canada on the basis of a visa. One might also claim that certain invasive procedures are also conducted by IRCC agents in coordination with Canadian secret services because, even fingerprint and face recognition databases, do not have data for persons from other countries, especially not from years prior to the nineteen sixties. Furthermore, these are 'best practices', for screening out people with diseases like tuberculosis and acquired immuno-deficiency syndrome. Such reasons and details aren't otherwise disclosed to applicants to maintain the effectiveness of the screening process. 

To the above notions, I would yet again point out that a person legally entering into Canada, especially through the pathway of education or vocational training based visas, needs to go through a complete medical checkup at their country of origin that provides exactly those details being sought by Canadian state-sponsored doctors, which are collected in an invasive manner at a later stage of permanent residency application. If Canadian authorities did not trust the procedures conducted at a visitor's country of origin, during a preliminary visa application process, those authorities would not allow the person to enter into Canada. Also, tattoos and piercing can indicate tribal or aboriginal affiliations of a person, and authorities in Canada can derive a variety of uses from that kind of information, can't they? The simple fact is that medical practitioners hired by the state, are looking for birth defects, chronic musculoskeletal disorders, and other conditions that would prevent an applicant of a permanent residency program, from working in Canada, and for paying into the province's medical insurance scheme through taxes, upon being granted residency. 

Elderly, disabled, or chronically ill persons who haven't made, or who are unlikely hindered by nature and circumstances to be able to make sufficient contributions to the local insurance pool, through future work and taxes, aren't desirable candidates in the eyes of certain provincial and federal authority figures as residents and citizens, because those kinds of applicants would only be "a burden" to the government's tattered ministry of health and long-term care. However, disclosing such institutionalized policies of the IRCC, in an upfront and honest manner to people in other countries who want to relocate to Canada because of their assumptions about Canadian systems, would be rather cruel and inhumane, wouldn't it? 

Honestly disclosing to people that the confidence and trust they've invested in Canadian healthcare, and educational systems, was gained by authority figures through lies propagated by federal and provincial government programs, as well as through false promotions spun by private entities, would indeed be problematic. Especially as Canada continues to mostly look for sets of migrant hands and eyes, that can do manual jobs, rather than full-fledged persons who can do managerial jobs in executive positions, advertising that Canadian cities and regions <ins>do not</ins> have decent, high income jobs, in any of the cleaner industry sectors which can value the higher educational degrees and credentials of potential immigrants, would practically knock the teeth out of Canadian consumer confidence. Revealing such truths to the public and the international community, would also prove problematic for Canada in being able to receive applicants for the low-paying dull, dirty, and dangerous jobs that require new immigrants. You see, immigrants end up dying or burning out while doing those kinds of jobs, so a yearly influx of new ones are need to keep the Canadian economy afloat. 

A range of lived experiences, and evidence from daily lives of numerous newcomers, including mine, serve to prove that the 'immigrant and refugee stock' are systematically denied opportunities to seek and avail better educational, healthcare, socio-economic, political, and living conditions within Canada. Such systematic human rights and civil rights violations have been carried out through unethical discriminatory policies, and behaviors, undertaken by key organizations belonging to Canada's public as well as private sectors. Societal conditions in Canada have remained as though: it is customary for members of various private and public organizations, to be racist. Upon hearing people defend the racially motivated policies and practices for "who gets to stay in, and who gets to stay out or gets driven out of Canada", it appears that members at every echelon of Canadian institutions are somehow proud, to further cultivate and propagate their racist, systemic designs. 

>The idea of "inequality and unequal treatment", has continued to persist as an undercurrent within Canadian immigration and labor policies, even though it is contrary to Canada's internationally promoted public image of a country that cherishes, "social equality, and equal treatment of all persons under a set of modern, fair, and impartial legal frameworks." 

Of course, it shouldn't come as a surprise that the fiendish ideologies and designs, of racists like [Herbert Kitchener](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herbert_Kitchener), [Franz Pfeffer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franz_Pfeffer_von_Salomon), and [Donald Ewen Cameron](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald_Ewen_Cameron) have deeply influenced the mindset, societal norms, and the earlier versions of federal constitution adopted by Canadian peoples. What is surprising is that those terrible ideologies have been retained at the very core of numerous Canadian public sector institutions and private organizations, even to this day, in the current scientific era. 

Worst of all, the above-mentioned racists are still celebrated in Canada and Britain. For instance, the city of Kitchener, Ontario, is named after 'Lord' Herbert Kitchener — the person who invented concentration camps, and brutally massacred tens of thousands of civilians in Sudan as well as in South Africa, while displacing hundreds of thousand of people from those regions through gruesome acts of pilfering and pillaging. Additionally, existing schools of psychiatry in Western Europe as well as in North America, still venerate Donald Cameron as a 'founding father of modern psychiatry', and they've continued to propagate his incorrigibly harmful and injurious approach to medical sciences.  

Perhaps the silver lining here is that, at least, Franz Pfeffer von Salomon isn't being publicly celebrated by Canadians, even though his racist ideologies and designs have been retained at the very core of Canada's immigration policies, and within formal protocols of Canada's governance systems.  

The culpability of certain Canadian states-persons, lawmakers, and legislators, in propagating predatory designs, policies, and activities that produce crippling and genocidal harms upon targeted peoples, is utterly woeful. But, those racially prejudiced criminals in seats of high authority and political influence, are cleverly protected and indemnified. They are even given legal immunity by Canadian statutory laws and social norms, for allowing them to perpetrate widespread and systematic crimes against humanity, through the use, misuse, and abuse of their official powers and privileges. Such prejudiced and discriminatory practices ought to be immediately ended. Additionally, racist ideologies must be expunged from all Canadian legislation, and institutional policies, if Canada is to have any shred of moral decency, and constitutional legitimacy.  

---

```
Abbreviations:
IRCC - Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada 

```

[^1]: Griffin, Roger (1995). Fascism. Oxford University Press. ISBN 0192892495.

---
<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Top :arrow_up:][Top] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]** 
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC]**

  [Prev]: ./02-3-2.md
  [Top]: ./02-3-2-1.md#2321-bigotry-and-racial-prejudices-embedded-within-the-functions-of-ircc
  [Next]: ./02-3-2-2.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>