<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Table of Contents][TOC] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]**
  
  [Prev]: ./02-3-1-1.md
  [Next]: ./02-3-1-3.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>

---


### 2.3.1.2 Top, Front, and Side Loaded Ponzi Schemes

A top loaded Ponzi Scheme is the one you are most likely to be familiar with, it involves a person, or a group of persons who promise returns on investment, to investors of a business venture, only to pay off older investors with borrowed loans and investments from new investors. All the while, the venture makes no profits from its sales and operations, that aren't related to financing activities from creditors. This type of a scheme takes a pyramidal shape where an increasing number of new investors are needed to feed the older ones. The managers and members of the venture who orchestrate the scam, usually remain anonymous and keep skimming from the influx of financing activities, for personal enrichment. 

The front loaded Ponzi Scheme has a more elaborate design, as it involves constantly creating and shutting store fronts as well as shell companies, all of which are owned or controlled by a holding firm. In this type of a scam, investors are duped by making them believe that their money is being invested on their behalf, by the holding firm, into legitimate enterprises. However, in actuality, the money is merely shifted and shuffled into a myriad of shell corporations and low-grade store fronts. Any dividends, or returns provided to members of the holding company is usually due to earnings from illicit activities involving gambling rings, narcotics, untraceable weapons, stolen goods, human trafficking, sex trade, and other activities of mafia or terror groups. Like any other Ponzi Scheme, a front loaded one involves deceiving an increasing number of new investors to pay off creditors, and to enrich the scheme's originators, without having sufficiently legitimate business operations to generate earnest revenues.  

The side loaded Ponzi Scheme is much more clever, as it appears cleaner to unsuspecting targets and even to investigators, than other types of scams. 

1. It firstly involves the creation of an "investment vehicle", or a "hedge fund" controlled by an "investment group", that allocates resources into new startups stacked side-by-side, year-after-year, to improve the standing of older startups retained within the fund's "investment portfolio." 

1. The essential mechanism of the side loaded scam is to take black money from illicit activities, and launder it through a cascade of startups, by making sure that unwitting founders of the startup utilize the black money seeded to them, to do *legitimate* business activities, even if those business activities don't generate any kind of incomes or profits. For con-artists and money launderers, this type of a scheme is often more efficient than trying to keep track of shell corporations, because the startups have corporeal existence with hungry founders looking for any amount of seed investment in cash, where the founders tend to not ask too many questions about the sources of the provided infusions of liquid money. 

1. The hedge fund, or the investment group, pools together a number of startups into a portfolio that are at various stages of their existence as a corporate entity, to hide the complex ways in which the managers of the hedge fund allocate influx of monies, towards business operations of those startups, from a large variety of accredited and non-accredited investors attracted to the hedge fund. In the startup world, investors are almost always non-accredited during the early rounds of investment. Furthermore, there is simply no agency on Earth like the American Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), that regulates, or can regulate startup financing. All of early stage funding for private startups, is simply the wild-wild-west of confidence based ~~vulture~~ venture capital financing.

1. All of the liabilities and assets of the startup, along with any measure of the "sweat equity" generated by founders and early employees, are incorporated into the calculation of the startup's speculated valuation. A set of legitimate investors are then sold a stake in the startup company, or in the entire set of the fund's portfolio of companies. This is typically done with initial investors who are eager to participate in owning stocks within "high-risk-high-reward" ventures, without going through proper due diligence, because of their lack of experience as investors (and also because of their greed as gamblers). After a period of time, the stocks of the portfolio are pitched to other sets of investors, with an increased valuation, irrespective of the portfolio's actual performance based on verifiable indices, so that the previous investors can be allowed to "exit" during Series-A, or Series-B of investment rounds. Even the investors roped-in for successive rounds of investment, are usually the ones who care more about familiar buzz words used in "pitch-decks", and for the thrill of gambling, than any signs of a functional product or a service sold by the startup to genuine customers. 

1. After three to four consecutive years of a startup filing its annual returns to tax-collection agencies, with legitimate financial reports prepared by qualified professional accountants, even if the company's books happen to carry losses, the initial amount of seed money given to the founders as cash, or "cash equivalent in-kind favors, products, and services", in exchange for equity shares of the company, is conveniently laundered through the company. Such money laundering flows through startups, with black money getting converted into equity shares or corporate notes, with no traces of any kind of impropriety or fouls committed after the seed round of investment.   

1. Now, it is rather common that many startups go bust, and shutter their operations sooner rather than later, in any kind of a market during any phase of an economic cycle, for a variety of reasons. However, before going bust, a startup's activities seem perfectly legitimate, and are easily accountable as expenses or business losses, even if those activities weren't profit generating. Startups within a portfolio that are about to go bankrupt, become a simple and easy conduit for boosting the economic outlook of the somewhat stable startups supported by the hedge fund. Here is how, deliberately tanked startups become a conduit for boosting other startups of a hedge fund: 

    1. Shifting the losses from the financial accounts and books of growing startups, into the accounts and books of the failing startups of the portfolio, allows the portfolio's managers to "salvage" their hedge fund's overall operations. This is often done just before the faltering startups in the fund's portfolio "go belly up", with tones of losses anchored to their books, only to then disappear into obscurity, along with the telltale accounts of crooks. 

    1. Thereby, the hedge fund on the whole, becomes more reputable and profitable, by appearing to have picked the "winners" from the "losers." 

    1. Having a constant supply of shoddy startups with their naive founders propping up "slightly too big to fail" neighboring startups, is key to keeping this scam going on for years. That is why, university-towns are the best place, "to churn some butter, and make loads of cheese." 

1. Innocent investors who lose their money to the con-artistry of such a side loaded scheme, are made to feel that their misfortunes were due to naturally occurring "market forces." In this manner, some of the pesky investors associated with the hedge fund are pruned, or cut away without needing to pay them any type of compensations for their losses. Such investors who get left-out to dry on the curb-side, who start looking around for ways to get "payback", usually turn into a choke-hold around the criminal operations of a top loaded, or a front loaded Ponzi Scheme. Managers of a side loaded Ponzi Scheme, don't have to worry too much about jilted and jolted investors, as long as the managers can legally protect themselves against those investors, by constantly reiterating that the potential negative consequences of investing in risky startups, was already disclosed to them during discussions of an offer document, or a term-sheet. 

1. The managers of the investment vehicle gain personal incomes as salaries, and as an upfront percentage amount, based on the overall volume of capital being shuffled through the portfolio, in the form of "management fees", or "percentage fees" per business cycle of the holding firm's financial year. Investors of a side loaded scheme pump the valuation of startups to inflate the "fair market value" of their hedge fund's overall portfolio, only to dump any or all portions of the portfolio, onto gullible public investors during an "Initial Public Offering", or through a similar "exit event." An exit event could be an instance where one of the startups' shares owned by the hedge fund, gets bought out by a legitimate corporation. Another type of an exit event could be liquidation due to bankruptcy. All of these exit events only benefit the major shareholders, and key managers of the hedge fund's portfolio because of their corporate indemnities. 

1. Almost everything about a side loaded Ponzi Scheme appears legitimate, except for the fact that:

    1. the corporate issued bonds, shares, promissory notes, unsecured debts, and other types of options sold by the hedge fund, tied to the shares within its promoted portfolio of startups, are valued based on pure speculation, 

    1. and most of the startups in the fund's portfolio, only sell counterfeit items, or ["vapor-ware."](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vaporware) 

1. The actual technological products or services, sold by a number of startups represented by the hedge fund, as promised by the investment vehicle to potential investors and other buyers, happen to be pure fiction. Additionally, the stated level of quality of a startup's envisioned products or services, are usually impossible to physically produce within the announced or suggested time period, because of the low level technical skills of the startup company's founders and employees; and also because of the limits on logistical as well as scientific and technological developments available within the entire planet's zeitgeist. 

    1. Example: A product called "Myo Armband" of Thalmic Labs from Kitchener-Waterloo Region, Ontario, Canada. The company lost a load of cash and a number of employees when it wasn't able to deliver the Myo Armband. It then tried to develop and sell smart glasses with heads-up display, and re-branded its name to "North." More on its role in the Kitchener-Waterloo Region's business ecosystem is discussed in the next section. 

1. The hedge fund, continuously pushes a narrative onto unsuspecting people, to gain their confidence with advertisements about the accolades won by each team member of the fund's incubated startups. The team of founders, employees, contractors, and board members of the investment group's startups, are positioned as competent individuals launched from reputable universities, or from other successful corporations. The investment fund's advertisement campaigns also promise that the 'breakthrough' research and development work, carried out by each of the hedge fund's marketed startups, will eventually advance the entire human species as a whole, upon *"making the world a better place."*  

1. Whenever "the heat" on the managers of such a Ponzi Scheme "is dialed up", they side-load a startup into their portfolio that happens to have a more legitimate business model with genuine customers, along with a good track-record of providing a commercial grade, value added product or a service, in a well-established market. They tend to also side-load a more obviously dubious startup out of their portfolio, as soon as greater scrutiny is focused onto the operations of their hedge fund. In doing so, the fact that the investment group's executives and board members were running a Ponzi Scheme, gets hidden quite conveniently. Once the heat dies down, the managers silently go back to generating higher returns on investments by doing shady deals, and by selling smoke to new targets. 

The founders and employees of such startups that are, or are about to become a part of a confidence game, are rigorously taught by university programs like MBET, and by the cultural environments surrounding universities like UWaterloo, to **"fake it till you make it."** The philosophical justification provided to new entrants and learners is that **"the ends justify the means."** That is, a portfolio of startups which may have started out as a side-loaded Ponzi Scheme, can eventually be sifted to yield a higher proportion of legitimate startups retained in the hedge fund's portfolio, compared to bogus startups, all the way to an end, where all of the companies in the portfolio may turn out to become higher-grade, legitimate, and worthwhile companies. 

As such, the meaning of "fake it till you make it", is to simply lie to and deceive people, in order to acquire financial support and physical resources from baited people, till the proper products and services of the company can be produced, and delivered to 'yearning' end-consumers. Founders and employees of such ventures are also systematically taught from an early stage that: if any investors, buyers, or members from the public raise objections to the lies and deceptions, propagated by the 'entrepreneurial' startup, then simply put a spin on the company's advertisements and communications to suggest that the company was proving its grounds, via "prototypes" sold to "well-informed" customers. 

The idea of selling a prototype to end-consumers, a prototype or a mock-up of the marketed item that was not fit for being merchantable, is for the purposes of "gaining traction" within the market, by raising venture capital, paying off few creditors, and snatching consumers' private data through falsehoods, impersonations, improper disclosures, counterfeit materials, over-hyped or false advertisements, and misleading endorsements. 

To further deceive and con the public, founders and members of new ventures are also taught that their company can simply keep "pivoting" by making new promises, without delivering on the previous ones made to investors and consumers. All of the haphazard, trial-and-error based "experiments", and theatrics that side-loaded startups undertake while pivoting, often generate irreparable losses, devastating harms, permanent failures, and a vast array of road-kills. The consequences of thefts, betrayals, and reneged promises are suffered by unassuming people, and not by those committing ravenous or plunderous activities, in the guise of expeditionary or missionary enterprises. But, one need not pay heed, to any and all of the pollution, contamination, corruption, wastage, degradation, endangerment, disruptions, hindrances, and damages generated by the exploratory ventures because: *"frontier-logic"* and *"The Doctrine of Discovery"* dictate that all is fair and necessary — 

- in the name of doing scientific explorations, 

- or while chasing after business developments in the name of capitalism, 

- or while conquering new-grounds in the name of God-King-and-Country, 

- or for *"making the world a better place"* by 'Christianizing' and 'Democratizing' a region of the world, that doesn't seem appeasing to Western sentiments. 

There can always be a way to rationalize and justify all of the pain, treachery, heartache, horror, and material damages inflicted upon hardworking tax-payers and innocent bystanders, while committing frauds and thefts on the frontiers of exploring "the unknown." 

Furthermore, according to *frontier-logic* — as long as any type of primacy or dominance within a field, market space, or an entire dominion can be achieved, all is forgiven in the end. This is why, and this is how, venture backed enterprises in places like Ontario, California, and Massachusetts, are prodded, and strongly encouraged, to not pay any heed to the consequences of the wrongs and errors they have committed, and especially not to be concerned about the ones they are going to commit; for even persons like Elizabeth Holmes who have come to possess "a frontier spirit", get to keep the shirt on their backs, after deliberately cheating the public and entities like the US Department of Defense. Not even those kinds of willfully malicious wrongdoers are taken straight away to a prison cell for their acts of purposefully committing a wide range of premeditated high crimes, unless they happen to be a person of color. Given the prejudices held by a number of law enforcement agencies in North America, one needs to keep in mind that even petty or fabricated[^1] charges can be used for doing you in, if you aren't particularly well-off, and well-connected.   

>After all, ON is only a wannabe CA while living in the shadows of MA. 

So, how much money was extracted from local and international MBET students over the past two decades, and where exactly did all of that money go? Even though a government supported and funded institution like UWaterloo is required to make public disclosures, of its yearly business and financial activities in a fiduciary capacity, it isn't required to be particularly detailed or transparent about those activities in its annual reports. UWaterloo also isn't required to make any statements in its annual reports, about the types of relationships its staff and faculty members have, with privately owned companies that it invests in, through its "Foundations and Trusts." What could one possibly stand to gain, from that level of transparency and publicly visible accountability, of a publicly funded institution, right? 

And what can one possibly learn, regarding the actors within a market, by following the money?   

---

```
Abbreviations:
MBET      - Master's of Business, Entrepreneurship, and Technology (A graduate study program in UWaterloo)
SEC       - Securities and Exchange Commission
US        - United States (of America)
UWaterloo - University of Waterloo

```

[^1]: During May-2020, in Kitchener, local public service units fabricated various charges against me, to have me illegitimately arrested. They then tormented and tortured me within a detention facility for weeks; whereby, Canadian state-sponsored genocidal activities of Eugenics and biochemical torture, caused the death of my child. They defiled my home, and all that was sacred to me, while desecrating my family life. Their heinous deeds were carried out with deliberate intentions and forceful methods to subvert, and suppress my religious freedoms, while they physically abused me in their detention center. Some of the details of those perilous and devastating ordeals are explained in [*Chapter 12 of The File.*](https://github.com/true-hindsight/grim-realities/blob/main/disclosed/git_repo-section_12-grim_realities_of_life_in_canada-2023_02_05.pdf) 

---

<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Top :arrow_up:][Top] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]** 
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC]**

  [Prev]: ./02-3-1-1.md
  [Top]: ./02-3-1-2.md#2312-top-front-and-side-loaded-ponzi-schemes
  [Next]: ./02-3-1-3.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>