<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Table of Contents][TOC] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]**
  
  [Prev]: ./02-4-1.md
  [Next]: ./02-4-1-2.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>

---

## 2.4.1.1 Health Canada

The following sections of *The File* form the context of this discussion, about the federal agency known as Health Canada:

- *Appendix I* 

- *Appendix II*

- *Parts IV.1 and IV.2 from Appendix IV*

Health Canada has continuously failed to provide the correct sets of information, and directives in a timely manner, to Canadian physicians, pharmacists, and staff of medical facilities, as well as to industrial suppliers of those practitioners. Such failures are especially profound in terms of the misuse and abuse, of psychotropic and neuro-suppressive drugs as a treatment for physiological ailments, in the Canadian healthcare industry. Health Canada has also failed to root out illegitimate, obsolete, and regressive technologies, models, practices, and educational information from: colleges concerned with certifying medical practitioners, as well as safety related tools and policies adopted by commercial and industrial suppliers of pharmaceutical, and medical facilities. 

The consequences of such ongoing failures have been to the tune of billions of dollars per year, as a burden to tax-payers who have to contend with wrongful, and substandard medical treatments given to them, via Canadian healthcare facilities and pharmacies. Additionally, uncountable injuries and deaths have continued to occur as a consequence of Health Canada's failures to properly regulate, and regularly update the curriculum, tool-chains, protocols, methodologies, and techniques used by practitioners in Canada's long-term care, pharmaceutical, and medical industry sectors. 

Of course, Health Canada can pretend to be untouchable while it continues to misguide end-consumers and squanders taxes collected from suffering populations. For, who can possibly do anything about the mistakes and violations being committed by the officers and staff of Health Canada? And how is any injured or harmed person to recover any compensations, for the damages suffered as a result of industrial-scale mismanagement prevalent in Canada's federal bureaucracies? 

---
<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Top :arrow_up:][Top] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]** 
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC]**

  [Prev]: ./02-4-1.md
  [Top]: ./02-4-1-1.md#2411-health-canada
  [Next]: ./02-4-1-2.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>