<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Table of Contents][TOC] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]**
  
  [Prev]: ./02-3-2-2.md
  [Next]: ./02-4-1.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>

---

## 2.4 Category IV — Supreme Wrongdoers

Have you ever wondered, how much of an authoritarian state's resources collected via taxation, go into 'teaching a lesson', to 'insolent' or 'disobedient' denizens? 

So much of tax-payer money goes into militarizing policing agencies, that you will eventually realize that a government like the Canadian one, doesn't have sufficiently many genuine or worthwhile reasons, to collect taxes from any living persons. You may note that practically every aspect of public services in Canada are already privatized. For instance, the healthcare system in Ontario possibly cannot function, without the monopoly that a private entity like LifeLabs Inc. is allowed to assert, over all major categories of medical diagnostics and tests. It turns out that even the provincial police in Ontario, has had to continuously suffer the consequences of systemic bottlenecks, introduced by forced privatization. Forced privatization is a particularly wretched version of unplanned and uneconomic privatization, which has continued to occur through austerity measures imposed on federal and provincial governments of Canada, by underwriters and lenders acting via corporations in City of London, London, UK.  

In order to purchase refined petrochemical products from the US, Canada has had to regularly sell its stakes within its public sector units, especially when its provincial and federal governments have been strong-armed by international creditors and lenders, into repaying Canada's debts marked in GBP, USD, and EUR. This is why **reparations** isn't a thing that Canada's successive governments have had the diligence, and the discipline to repay, to any people or persons. Additionally, surviving people who are owed reparations and restitution by Canada, can only beg haplessly for apologies and compensations, but can't otherwise demand the justly owed restitution, with re-enforceable measures like austerity, while using some kind of "a big gun." Various Canadian controlled corporations, and their overlords who act via London, UK, are acutely aware that the cries of those hapless and helpless people, will eventually fade away into thin air, and those people will be forgotten, by newer generations of trapped refugees and settlers. 

So, the only justification that certain ministers of parliament have been able to prop up, for squeezing wage earners and small enterprises, has had to do with "national security for the coming generation of kids who will grow up in Canada." (Never mind security for the current ones, it's too late for that, even Canadian politicians are aware of the bleak scenario faced by existing citizens, because of climate change and other severe problems arising from ecological degradation.)  

As such, funding of healthcare systems in Canada, have been mashed into the funding mechanisms of policing agencies and privately run penitentiary systems, 'for national security reasons.' Consequently, numerous parts of Canadian healthcare systems serve the purposes of para-military units, mainly in promoting the political interests of an undemocratic state, and of privately owned monopolies. Worse, various healthcare organizations do so by administering punitive forms of medicine, while employing insidious forms of guile and deception that harm involuntary, captive persons; as opposed to functioning in the best interests of consenting patients who seek legitimate medical assistance, for maintaining or improving their individual wellness.  

Health Canada

LHIN

predatory behaviors of healthcare providers. nursing homes. canadian quackery. 

sectarian and violent groups opposed to the existing governments of various countries, which are incubated and promoted by Canadian state-sponsored entities.