<div align="center">

  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Table of Contents][TOC]**

</div>

---

## 2.4.3 International Terrorism and Violence Incubated in Canada

In this section we will briefly look into the topic of: sectarian and violent groups, incubated and promoted by Canadian state-sponsored entities, that are opposed to existing governments of various countries of the world. 

### 1. The Khalistan Movement: 

This Movement is promoted by a religious, political, and separatist group that advocates extremism and violence against the people as well as government of the Republic of India, so as to establish a country called [Khalistan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Khalistan_Movement), in the geographic area composed of the regions of Multan, Sindh, Punjab, Haryana, Jammu, Kashmir, and Himachal by taking away land from both Pakistan as well as India. The group's religious, political, and historical pretexts for wanting to do so, include the idea that after the British Raj ended in Southern Asia in the year 1947, the [Khalsa](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Khalsa) Sardars who professed the Sikh religion, were persecuted and mistreated by the newly formed Indian government, and were not given an opportunity to form their own nation-state the way Pakistan, Nepal, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Myanmar, and Sri Lanka were allowed to form a new country. 

Also, Punjab's Sikh Regiment which fought as an allied group for the British Empire during World War II, was promised lands by the British Monarchy for their military support. However, the British managed to cheat the surviving members of Sikh battalions by giving them meager patches of frozen marshland in Canada, instead of returning their "ancestral" lands in the Multan, Sindh, and Punjab regions, by stating that the promises given to them never mentioned the location of the land as a compensation and reward for Sikh Regiment's support of the British Empire. 

Eventually, during India's independence from Britain, the Jammu, Kashmir, and Punjab regions were divided between Pakistan and India, under the aegis of British governors and viceroys, in a deliberately ambiguous and imprecise manner. Multan was entirely given away to Pakistan, Himachal and Haryana were retained by India, and portions of Punjab, Jammu, and Kashmir were split without appropriate consideration for the populations and habitats of those regions. Millions of people from the Sikh diaspora were forced to move to either side of the ill-conceived India-Pakistan border, alongside other Muslims and Hindus, by being forced to give up homestead and land ownership in their ancestral place of living. The exodus sparked race riots on all sides of the Pakistan-India border. The riots produced long-lasting ethnic as well as linguistic conflicts, that have continued to have profound negative impacts on all of Southern Asia. 

The subsequent violent uprisings promoted by the Khalsa sect's militaristic leaders with foreign backing, for capturing the entire Punjab region as an independent country, were squashed by Indian armed forces, but the ones in 1980s involved particularly large-scale skirmishes with extreme bloodshed. During those skirmishes the Indian Prime Minister, Indira Gandhi, had ordered a military campaign to storm the Khalsa separatists and militancy troops that had occupied the holy site of The Golden Temple Gurudwara. The Indian military campaign was named [Operation Blue Star](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Blue_Star). Indian army tanks destroyed parts of the Gurudwara's building complex during that counter-terrorism operation. And army commandos shot Khalsa 'warriors' who were using captives and other voluntary  civilian members of the Sikh community as human shield, within the temple's building. Many separatists and civilians died during those skirmishes, leading to many more riots in the Punjab region, along with [pogroms against the Sikh diaspora conducted throughout India in the years 1985 to 1995](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1984_anti-Sikh_riots). Those riots were quelled by the Indian government using "extraordinary" force. 

The desecration of the holiest of Sikh holy sites due to bloodshed and warfare during Operation Blue Star, as well as persecutions of Sikhs in India, has remained a contentious issue for the supporters of the Khalistan Movement's ideology. And the fact that Sardar bodyguards of the Indian Prime Minister, Indira Gandhi, assassinated her for her role in giving orders to attack the Golden Temple Gurudwara, has remained an act of terrorism carried out by Khalsa agents against the Republic of India. The Punjab region in India is still a challenging place fraught with illegal arms trade that fuels tension between separatists and the Indian government. 

The motivations, directives, and financial resources for promoting violence and separatist activities of Khalistan Movement have continued to be sourced from Canada for decades, by various members of the Khalsa religious sect and ["the Akali faction"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shiromani_Akali_Dal_(disambiguation)), who have been living in exile within England, the US, Australia, and Canada. Pro-Khalistan supporters have been vehemently active in Canada, employing various overt and covert strategies for sustaining an armed "struggle", against the Republic of India. Even though other members of Khalsa as well as the Akali faction are peaceful, and have no desires to harm people of Indian origins, or any other persons, in any conceivable way, some of the followers and leaders of Akali faction have continued to be adamant about creating Khalistan by force. For example, the [recent march and protests organized by more hardened supporters of the Akali faction](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2023_Sikh_protests) in Ontario, where the Indian consulate in Toronto was vandalized by pro-Khalistan protesters, is a considerably small event in a series of much larger problematic and terrorizing activities carried out by Canadian incubated Khalistan supporters, against Indian citizens and India's government bodies. Airplane hijacking, bombings, shootings, sabotage, and promotion of hatred against the Republic of India are the usual tactics employed by pro-Khalistan leaders, and by the Akali faction's sectarian members. 

Successive provincial as well as federal governments in Canada, have been supportive of the Khalistan Movement and easy going on this subject matter, stating that members of the Sikh diaspora who were driven out of Multan, Haryana, Punjab, and Sindh, are asylum seekers and refugees in Canada, who have a right to protest as dissidents, against the Indian government's historical acts of persecutions and [human rights violations](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_rights_abuses_in_Punjab,_India) against Sikhs, and against destruction of Sikh holy sites and shrines. The Canadian government allows supporters of Khalistan Movement to organize and run "tax-exempt charities and educational centers", for collecting money and conducting recruiting activities to bolster their insurgency oriented ideological Movement, and to spread their separatist agendas. 

### 2. The Kurdistan Movement:

Similar to the above-mentioned issue of Sikh nationalism at the border of Pakistan and India, [Kurdish nationalism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurdish_nationalism) at the border of Türkiye, Syria, Iraq, and Iran asserts that the Kurdish people have a right to establish their own separate country, by taking away land and resources from the neighboring countries of "Kurdistan", using all means necessary, including the use of armed insurgent, mercenary, and militia fighters. (See also, [Kurdistan modern history.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurdistan#Modern_history))

Whether it be [the Turkish-Kurdish conflict](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurdish%E2%80%93Turkish_conflict_(1978%E2%80%93present)), [the Syrian-Kurdish](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rojava%E2%80%93Islamist_conflict) one, or [the Iraqi-Kurdish](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iraqi%E2%80%93Kurdish_conflict) and [Iranian-Kurdish](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurdish_separatism_in_Iran) ones, Canada's stance has been the same, in willfully allowing those conflicts to keep growing and be sustained, by Canadian financiers of armed violence in the Middle East. Supporters of Kurdistan Movement are treated as asylum seekers and refugees in Canada, who are allowed to carry out commercial and industrial activities to fuel Kurdish nationalist factions and guerrilla warfare units, in support of [Kurdistan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurdistan) becoming an independent country, via the involvement of Canadian banks as well as various North American organizations, continuously encouraged by Canadian state-sponsored entities towards the creation of a self-governed Kurdistan. 

The Kurdistan Movement has continued to enervate and harm the people of the Republic of Türkiye, but Canada has continued to deliberately exacerbate the issue. Canada continues to provide support to pro-Kurdistan fighters like Sweden, well knowing that doing so only produces negative consequences for the peace and prosperity of people in the Mediterranean, and Middle-Eastern regions of the world. 

### 3. The Güllen, or The Hizmet Movement: 

Before the July-2016, [Coup Attempt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_Turkish_coup_d%27%C3%A9tat_attempt) in Türkiye, by a number of civilian and military officials against the incumbent Turkish government, a number of incidents had started in December-2014 which, have never been revealed in publicly accessible journalism and news reports. Here is why I happen to know about those incidents... 

In October-November, 2014, I was doing some part-time work for a Turkish company that produced consumer behavior analysis software. The parent company of that software firm was called "SBT Analiz." It was one of only two entities in Türkiye, that had a license to conduct Target Rating Point (TRP) analysis for all Turkish television channels, and then publish those daily ratings for the advertisement industry. As such, published reports of SBT Analiz, and the tools used by them for conducting analysis of viewer engagement with television programming, played a crucial role in setting the price of advertisement slots, on each TV-Broadcast channel, throughout the day, for every day of the year. The consortium called SBT Analiz was on-par with other major private corporations in Türkiye in terms of its earnings and influence, even though it was comparatively small and new because of its involvement in digital broadcasting. Its subsidiary that I was working for, had two products. One was an online analysis tool that matched timing and location data of Facebook status updates, hashtags on Facebook posts, and Tweets with specific Twitter hashtags, to YouTube videos and TV programs that had advertised those particular hashtags. This consumer behavior analysis software product was being sold to TV stations, for them to gain a hyper-precise report of real-time viewer engagement, for deploying targeted online advertisement to groups and individuals who happened to use the given hashtags in their YouTube, Facebook, and Twitter social media conversations. The second product was a comprehensive analysis tool for all online communications passing through Turkish government's mobile and desktop computing devices, used by government employees. 

SBT Analiz had somehow gained the permission to deploy its first product, for consumer behavior analysis, at the trunk of the Turkish internet exchange, to monitor all Turkish language communications on social media platforms. The company was able to do so because of its business connections within Turkish government directorates. The corporation's future products were to use audio-video surveillance via television set-top-boxes and Smart TVs, to record consumers' physical behavior while viewing TV programs and social media content. My job was to create the face-recognition and physical Movement analysis algorithms, for the collected audio-video data-streams. The recorded consumers would have been consenting and paid families within selected households, in the form of "Focus Groups." Their behavioral data was to then be used for ratting TV and online content delivered to them by commercial studios. I say would have been, because the Turkish government arrested the bosses and managers of SBT Analiz in June-2015, based on the suspicion that the company's consumer analysis software was injecting divisive content into social media platforms using a bot-net, instead of merely producing TRP reports. The allegations against SBT Analiz, as told to me by the manager I was working for, included the Turkish government's suspicion that the commercial software products of SBT Analiz were deliberately tuned, to boost the reported ratings of content produced by supporters of the [Güllen Movement](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/G%C3%BClen_Movement) via software algorithms. So the SBT Analiz corporation got shutdown and dissolved. People I used to work with got arrested, and when I had last checked, they were still under house arrest in February-2018, since July-August, 2015. 

However, in May-2014, upon inspecting the company's servers, I could see that the algorithms of the consumer behavior analysis software had not been changed, and that the software was merely reporting what it was seeing on Facebook, YouTube as well as Twitter, as and when it was happening. For months, between December-2014, to May-2015, the consumer behavior analysis software had produced hourly reports indicating that viewers of Turkish content, especially on YouTube, had become distinctly divided into modern, pro-western fashion content viewers, versus traditional, pro-Islamic religious content viewers. More than anything, it was YouTube's algorithms that had started to boost those distinct, and polarized echo-chambers to keep both types of viewers glued to 'enhanced' online media content. The SBT Analiz software had reported those trends to online advertisers, who had also joined the heard-mentality of encouraging consumers to express their political views through their purchasing and subscription habits. This had steadily increased the sharpness of the divide among online Turkish speaking groups, along with a very distinctly separated geographic location data of sets of individuals within Türkiye, who were subscribing to either side of the trend. And, it just so happened, that there were slightly more online viewers who were interested in Turkish religious content, living in more suburban and rural parts of Türkiye, as opposed to Euro-centric content viewership in metropolitan areas. So, the advertisers simply changed their advertisements to have actors and verbiage with more "traditional", and "Islamic" outlook, to sell the usual detergents, clothing, kitchen appliances, and other consumer goods to "the growing consumer segment of the Turkish economy." 

That positive feedback loop between viewers, advertisers, and content creators created a massive wave of viral media content shared on websites and messaging apps in 2015. That wave of materials also boosted click-bait content about Arab-Spring Movement potentially spilling over into Türkiye, as well as other, even more click-baity content advocating that, "the Turkish constitutional law and court systems ought to be subordinate to Turkish Muslim clerics." That messaging about clerics being superior to courts, happens to be the main political agenda of Güllen Movement in wanting to over-through the more "secular", and "pro-military", incumbent government in Türkiye, which was being presided by Reccep Erdoğan. 

I have been personally more in favor of the idea of a ruling secular government in Türkiye, since the time of Tansu Çiller, Mesut Yılmaz, and their democratically elected successors; a secular government that is to never become subordinate to clerics as "law makers and law givers", especially not to clerics who might arbitrarily override a modern constitution using an obsolete interpretation of some version of *Sharia,* or *Halakha,* or *Kanoon.* Separating a nation-state's civic and military institutions from religious ones, can have a number of advantages in preventing violent succession wars spurred by religious factions. However, I could understand why a significantly large number of people in and outside Turkey, with Turkish heritage, had steadily gravitated towards anti-European sentiments after Turkey was snubbed by the European Union (EU), and blocked from being accepted into the Euro Zone as a full EU member. Turks are not Persian, Turks are not Arab, and apparently, Turks are not European by EU's standards. So those large number of people from the Turkish diaspora with growing anti-European sentiments, decided to boost their "Turkishness", along the lines of Ottoman-era worldviews. The idea of adopting Ottoman-era political governance systems, has remained against the concept of the Republic of Türkiye. According to the Ottoman imperial worldview, the male autocratic head of the nation-state with his government's ministers would also, firstly be the religious head of the state as a Muslim cleric. Consequently, succession would be hereditary or via teacher-student lineage within the clerical system, outside the purview of any type of a publicly accountable election held by openly countable electorates. So, do you see why that kind of an idea about clerics having greater powers than legislative assemblies becoming popular among Turkish people, to any significant extent, is a highly problematic issue for an existing democratic government in Türkiye?

However, more importantly, how does Canada have anything to do with any of this? 

The July-2016 coup attempt against the incumbent Turkish government, was conducted at the peak of growing unrest among younger adults in suburban and rural areas of Türkiye, who were enthusiastically viewing and sharing click-bait videos related to the Güllen Movement. With Fethullah Güllen discussing detailed military strategies for a coup in those videos, he often spoke of needing to oust Turkish political leaders who would not accept being subordinate to clerics, or who would not support the idea of a separate Islamic law in Türkiye with special courts adjudicated by clerics under his studentship, working beside the secular constitutional courtrooms that otherwise have university educated magistrates. The Turkish government has thus continued to view Fethullah Güllen as a cult leader, whose followers had resorted to orchestrating a violent coup, with the intentions of installing a parallel court system, whereby clerics under Güllen's pedagogy, without college education, were to be accepted by the Turkish public and military as being superior to judges of existing applet courts, as well as the supreme court of the Republic of Türkiye. Consequently, the crackdown against the coup members and every supporter of the Güllen Movement included people within two degrees of freedom of those supporters known as Güllenists. Many of them were identified throughout Türkiye, Europe, Central Asia, as well as the Middle Eastern and North African countries via confiscated SBT Analiz software. Turkish expats who were somehow connected to Güllenists were arrested and interrogated when they unwittingly returned to Türkiye. The ones already residing in Türkiye were immediately put to jail. Others who were arrested upon being extradited to Türkiye were placed under house-arrest, pending their trial. And those found guilty of deeper connections or ties to the coup, and to the Güllen Movement, were given long-term prison sentences. Quite a few Güllenists who managed to escape their extradition, or an arrest within Türkiye, relocated to Canada. 

Since 2017, Güllenists who relocated and settled in Canada, have been rebuilding the financial and political strengths of the Güllen Movement via educational, multimedia, social, and commercial activities in Canada; especially from within the Kitchener-Waterloo Region and Greater Toronto Area of Ontario. In the meanwhile, the Canadian government has refused to extradite known hardcore leaders of the Güllen Movement to Türkiye, by stating the same old reason about "Canada's promise to offer refuge to political asylum seekers on humanitarian grounds." That rationale didn't exactly work in favor of Finland, and Sweden, in their refusal to halt their support of the Kurdistan and Güllen Movements, during their bid to join NATO. However, as Canada is already a key NATO member, Türkiye hasn't had the kind of leverage it gained over Finland and Sweden, for being able to prevent foreign socio-economic and political support of separatist groups plotting violent activities, against the sovereign and national security interests of the Republic of Türkiye. 

### 4. Anti-Iranian and Anti-Saudi Movements: 

The anti-Iranians in Canada are mostly persons who escaped persecution, and secretly departed form Iran after the 1970s, along with their children who are now adults, but who begrudge the idea of their family being put through immense hardships as refugees. However, the anti-Saudi factions in Canada are any mixture of people, who simply see Saudi Arabia as the source of an overbearing and puritanical version of Islamic evangelism labeled as Salafism.  

Anti-Iranian and anti-Saudi groups relentlessly lobby Canadian business and political leaders, to remain hostile against Iran and Saudi Arabia. Anti-Iranian and anti-Saudi lobby groups, especially like to play on the idea that every Muslim woman in countries like Iran and Saudi Arabia, is a poor repressed person underneath a hijaab, or a burkha, who has been forcefully deprived from obtaining formal education as well as other basic human rights and freedoms, by oppressive Islamist governments. According to those lobbyists: 'silently crying bridled women' in the Middle East and in Africa, along with their hapless children, thus need to be 'emancipated' by Allied Western Forces. Large private gatherings are frequently held on a monthly basis in Waterloo, Ontario, where influential speakers affiliated to Christian evangelism, generously provide their opinions about liberating and emancipating people living in pan-Arabic nations, and in Israel, based on their visits to countries in the Middle East and in Africa. 

Worst of all, agents employed by Canadian secret services and policing units, who happen to be Muslim citizens of Canada, are deployed by their recruiting agencies to interfere with the private lives of other non-resident Muslims, and newcomers. Those operatives are injected into the homes and places of worship of temporary residents, in an invasive and underhanded manner. The deplorable and wrongful nature of such actions being committed by Canada's policing and secret service agencies, is completely lost on Canadian parliamentarians who do not see why such dastardly behaviors by public service units can generate long-term conflicts and civilian unrest within Canada. The name of one such Canadian operative of Egyptian origin is provided in *The File.* 

### 5. Falun Gong Movement: 

Consider the Chinese Central Government's objectives in maintaining a:

1. Well-documented set of societal norms via the physical functions of a judiciary that distinguishes between non-criminal versus criminal behaviors, in order to administer culturally appropriate and suitable punishments for provable criminal misconduct of an identified perpetrator within Chinese jurisdictions

1. Socio-economic and political structure of Chinese provinces and cities, regulated via the physical architecture of scientific town planing which, prescribes the portion of resources that need to be allocated to each substructure of the nation, all the way down to the individual family unit, for deriving a sustainable output from the utilization of those resources, towards equitable treatment of more than a billion Chinese citizens cross diverse regions of China

1. System for educating, vetting, and employing civil servants for performing duties of "good governance", in accordance with Chinese cultural and statutory norms wherein, religious justifications for activities or behaviors performed by any groups of individuals, are secondary to the physical needs pertaining to the entire country's sovereignty and security  

1. Suitable economic, industrial, and political relationship with other countries and international organizations 

And now let's compare the above priorities of a country's government to that of the Falun Gong Movement:

1. A set of practices based on the ideas of Qigong, with written principles and precepts on pamphlets from the 1990s, that advocate the non-existence of any type of duality in the universe, along with a special emphasis on the lack of a necessity to follow judiciary statutes of any country, as long as the "self-governed and self-governing activities of a person are 'naturally aligned' with the 'nature of the cosmos'" 

    1. The so-called awareness of, and allignment with the 'true nature of the cosmos' can only be attained by an otherwise uninstructed and ignorant person, by unconditinally imbibing Falun Gong's physical exercises and oral teachings

1. A community based governance structure with hierarchical status and privileges given to practitioners, based on their level of proficiency in adhering to the physical exercises and oral teachings of previous Falun Gong masters

    1. A lack of a need for describing formal roles of a person at any kind of a workplace, because as soon as a person attains 'enlightenment' by aligning themselves with the 'true nature of the cosmos', as prescribed by Falun Gong teachings, the person will automatically start to perform every morally and socio-economically required role, by default 

1. A religious or 'spiritual' set of personal code of conduct, wherein the concepts of equity ownership and the way of utilizing physical resources for a particular goal, need not be articulated or specified in a publicly accountable form, because all 'natural behaviors' of a Falun Gong adherent simply cannot be wrongful or wasteful, by any means, in any conceivable context  

1. There is no such thing as "the other", all is one, and only one; every notion of being separate or separable from the wisdom of the one and only cosmos is nothing but an illusion, because of the principle of *advaita*

So, do you see any problems, or conflicts that can arise when tens of millions of people, in almost all major cities of China (or any other country), suddenly abandon all considerations for the concept of a civic government, only to start sacrificing every moment of their lives towards amplifying the 'spiritual' messages, of their 'living deity', who also happens to be the supreme Falun Gong leader? Do you still not see the reasons for the profoundly problematic issues and ongoing conflicts, particularly when a humanoid supreme leader's authority, in all conceivable matters, is supposed to be superior to that of any publicly accountable government, within all present and future timelines? 

The above-mentioned questions and discussions, highlight the challenges faced by the Chinese Central Government with regards to the activities and precepts of Falun Gong spiritualism as well as Tibetan Buddhism. Those challenges parallel the historical issues posed by the idea that every Christianized person, say in the UK, had to be subordinate to the dictum professed by a Pope in the Vatican. That historical conflict in Christianity gave rise to the Anglican Church in Britain, which has continued to do things independently of the Vatican. 
 
Now consider the vast groups of growing supporters of Falun Gong in Canada, each of whom would like to see the Chinese Central Government become subordinate to the 'spiritual' authority of their Falun Gong leader who is currently living in exile on a secretive acreage in New York. If you can appreciate why the EU Parliament in Brussels wouldn't suddenly become subservient to the Pope's priorities and worldviews because of 'peacefully agitating' supporters of the Vatican (if those supporters of the Vatican were to do so), then you may come to recognize and understand why a system of non-religious civic and military institutions, in-charge of maintaining the integrity and contiguity of one of the largest countries on the planet called China, would never bow down to any individuals from a clique; and especially not to any individuals who may claim to be a living deity in a human form, or a living prophet, of any kind of a religious or a pseudo-religious movement, under any circumstances. 

Officials of successive governments in Canada have been acutely aware of such important nuances and yet, they encourage Falun Gong members to distribute literature via multi-media outlets incubated in Canada and the US, for propagating designs to destabilize and overthrow the ruling government of China along with its military forces, albeit using 'peaceful' methods. 

### 6. Irish Nationalism Movements:

I have no data about the activities of groups promoting the independence of Northern Ireland from within Canada. Everything else in this section is based on my personal interactions and experiences with members of groups mentioned herein, or from my observations of their publicly demonstrated marches as well as recruiting activities in parks like Hyde Park in Greater Toronto Area, and Victoria Park in Kitchener. 

Supporters of Ireland's independence from British yolk, don't seem to be publicly visible in Ontario. And I guess if any did exist, they didn't bother to approach me, perhaps in thinking that an ordinary South Asian looking person couldn't possibly care about Ireland's independence from the UK. 

However, I am entirely in favor of the idea that any country that would like to toss away the concept of "promising fealty along with a pledge of allegiance to the British Monarchy, and to its future heirs", ought to do so immediately, without any hesitation! 

Peoples of Ireland might as well put aside the silly practice of maintaining a "devolved", or a "degenerate parliament" of their country, that can be overruled at any time by a patronizing, and selfish British parliament located in the City of London, London, England.  

### 7. Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction throughout Canada: 

Let us now consider, for a moment, the current whereabouts and activities of the US Naval fleet of nuclear submarines. But how can that have anything to do with Canada? American nuclear submarines have everything to do with NATO, protecting the shores of North America and American allies, as well as with projecting a threat of annihilation to any country of the world, as a means to conduct retaliatory nuclear weapons strike in a response to a nuclear attack on NATO assets. So, those nuclear submarines have a great deal to do with Canada's national security and border protection.

Now, where does one get the suitable nuclear fuel to power those submarines, and to build an arsenal of nuclear warheads with enriched forms of uranium as well as plutonium isotopes? Yes, from uranium mines and enrichment facilities in Saskatchewan, Canada! It turns out that better quality and more affordable nuclear fuel for power plants in EU, particularly in Western Europe, is sourced from Canadian mines, along with engineering equipment and knowledge for radiological materials production from Canadian companies like Cameco Corporation. 

Is there a way to track the signature of mining activities and its outputs from satellite imagery. Yes, to a certain extent. Imaging from outer space has been able to identify dumping of mining slurry with traces of radioactive salts, for the purposes of conducting environmental impact studies, and also for locating movements of vehicles involved in the supply chain of radiological products, including those for medical grade isotopes. However, the option to track nuclear fuel for submarines as well as the more enriched, weapons grade isotopes used in warheads via satellites, involves slightly different methods than standard visual spectrum imagery, and ordinary image processing analysis. 

By the way, the industrial waste from the nuclear power generation industry is meticulously kept separate from the Earth's biomes and microcosms while being stored safely away from civilian populations. Compared to that, where is the waste from fossil fuel industries stored? What about the non-recyclable waste from wind and solar energy based electrification? Ah yes, all of that fossil fuel related waste and by products have continued to be dumped into every millimeter of Earth's livable environment while polluting its soil, water, and atmospheric profiles.  

Coming back to the topic of my knack for building biggest of big guns: After my home was invaded by Canadian operatives, and upon discovering the Canadian government's apparatus for murdering serially targeted communities and persons via their use of insidiously fiendish techniques involving punitive medicine, illegitimate detention, and other socio-economic attacks in the form of clandestine hostilities, I decided to meditate on the topic of obtaining justice for victims and survivors of Canada's ongoing state-sponsored genocidal activities. It turns out that I have to wait in line, with hundreds of thousands of victims and survivors waiting in front of me for justice and remedies, since the early 1900s. So the question then shifts to, "how can justice for victims and survivors of Canada's state-sponsored genocidal activities, and other forms of terrorism, be obtained in a more timely and efficacious manner?" 

As a private individual and as a person who isn't inclined towards violence, as hard as I have tried, to put away my talents in building weapons systems, and instead, to work on putting my efforts towards promoting more peaceful activities in healthcare, nutrition, electrical energy production, and sustainable business practices, the forces of malice directed by Canadian and US-led agencies have sought to more ruthlessly drag me into serving them for military purposes; or else having me made to suffer the consequences of refusing to become subservient to them, and to their diabolical schemes of "global full-spectrum domination." They know perfectly well that in doing so against me, and against the well being of billions of people in the Americas, Oceania, Europe, Africa, Asia, and Australia, they have only made everything that is of them and from them, acceptable collateral damage. 

So, suppose, a method for tracking all nuclear submarines in real-time at the scale and resolution of a meter was being worked upon by me, during the past year. And during that time, a number of espionage agencies from different countries were spying on my computer networks because of which, the prototypical method for de-cloaking nuclear submarines, and nuclear weapons silos, was obtained by them through theft of digital materials in my computers. Would something of that sort be an issue for any conceivable entities? Are you sure? Really? Oh well then, "Que sera, sera." 

>*Would you say that any of the above-mentioned things sound "truthful", and "realistic?"* 

In North America and Europe, meaning of the word "realistic" in conveying what might be feasible, imminent, and tangible, is based on preconceived expectations of the person evaluating things that can, or cannot be brought into fruition. However such evaluations are made only with respect to the knowledge, experiences, and capabilities of the evaluator with their preconceived assumptions, notions, beliefs, and expectations about the world that is currently within their grasp and reach. It is a truly myopic, self-centered, and an ego-centric worldview of what constitutes reality. But the more inane part of that approach to observing and interacting with the physical world, is when such an ego-centric perspective of a racist or a supremacist, is imposed by force or deception, upon persons from all other cultures throughout the entirety of Earth's residents. Attempting to discern the veridicality of any given statement, without any understanding of "signal detection" and "the mathematical theory of communication", is merely called guess work using sheer dumb luck. But how would those self-involved, self-serving, and selfish imperialists and colonialists ever come to realize that, and then rectify the errors of their means and objectives? 

Plus, people who believe in the idea of a manifest destiny of their 'glorious nation' being brought about by 'a supreme leader',  especially a leader who has attained the spiritual, moral, and physical status of the ultimate Übermensch, must also be absolutely lucky, right? So why would those lucky saps marching towards a so-called 'universal singularity', ever be interested in diversity, or in any genuine humanitarian sciences, arts, and literature?  

At this stage, I can imagine certain Canadian readers of this article launching into their generic self-soothing behavior of wanting to dismiss the topics presented in this documentation as being completely false, misleading, erroneous, and fictitious. Following that, they would engage in the antics of frantically casting doubt on this documentation, so as to diminish its value, and then furiously lob all sorts of labels at me, so as to cast aspersions upon my character, personality, intentions, will, and mental acuity. However, those kinds of bad habits aren't just restricted to particular Canadian officials, for they steam from the maxim and motto of, **"keep daft, and carry on"**, that is regularly subscribed to, by many members of Western governments, executives of their state-sponsored institutions, and also by their consulting as well as contracted agencies. 

So, my offer to Canada and to its allies is as follows: 

>If you are able to find a way to de-escalate from my nuclear option of advancing the ability of various non-NATO blocs to track and potentially destroy each nuclear warhead stashed within Canadian soil, and within nuclear submarines strolling about the world's oceans, then go ahead and do so. Otherwise, sit back and witness the changes occurring within geopolitical power dynamics between nation-states that do and do not possess nuclear weapons of mass destruction (WMD).  

Wouldn't it be peculiar if several countries throughout the world, came to possess the exact knowledge about the whereabouts of each nuclear WMD stored in NATO and non-NATO countries? Would that pose a danger, a risk, or a threat? To whom? And in which conceivable ways? Wouldn't those very same scenarios provide an opportunity to certain nation-states that are sick and tired of having to put up with threats posed to them, by Western alliances that continue to 'project power', by brandishing large number of long-ranged WMD against innocent peoples and peaceful nations? 

Wouldn't it be even more peculiar and intriguing, if it were revealed that the US has been secretly increasing capabilities to stockpile and deploy a variety of radiological weapons including long-ranged WMD, by assembling and storing them in Canada, in contravention to agreed upon international treaties from decades ago? 

There are so many "ifs" and "buts" to consider at this point of time, right? Particularly, one needs to consider the impact of  questions about Canada's faithfulness to humanity, on the issue of being able to maintain the existing "International Rules Based Order."

The International Rules Based Order, as conceived by patronizing and conceited colonialists, is merely about making $hit up, in the form of laws and rules, as and when required, to assure that colonial powers can reign supreme, throughout the world. A patchwork of statues and conventions that are like slices of Swiss cheese with big holes, strewn about on the floor, isn't much of a scientific and worthwhile system of maintaining accord among the world's diverse nation-sates. So, Canada might as well reaffirm its loyalties and faithfulness to humanity, without needing to show fealty to its colonial and supremacist overlords.  

A possible alternative, worth considering, might be to have economists and bankers affiliated with the globalized central banking system, to become more proficient with the actual physics of thermodynamics and radiology. This is so that they can better start to work with data from *"supply, demand, and wastage curves"* pertaining to each set of goods and services transacted via global supply chains, for reducing the negative impacts of pollution generated in the course of catering to the whims of 'super-powers.' Ordinary supply-demand curves hide the witting and unwitting wastage, caused by industrial and commercial activities of all economies and markets. Identifying sources of waste and pollution, at both supply and demand side of supply chains, can create an avenue for reducing conflicts generated from artificially stoked scarcities. It is obvious that an economist who does not have proficient education in physical sciences and mathematics, becomes rather useless and non-utilitarian, from not being able to prioritize pollution reduction and sustainability of Earth's natural heritage. 

Discounting the impact of pollution on human ecology has been a fundamental flaw and weakness of globalization, particularly because globalized war efforts of imperialists and colonialists, are quite simply against the idea of uniting and building zero-emission cities, via dialogue and equitable technology-transfer between cooperating nations. Becoming the supreme ruler of a blighted Earth, through the most destructive forms of 'conquest' and industrial production, to promote wars as well as territorial border disputes, is still, somehow, a desirable end-goal of supremacist and colonial forces. Every states-person and member of every type of studentship as well as workforce, needs to remain committed to improving the regulated flow of equitable trade, while reducing pollution from fossil fuel dependent industrial processes, to improve people's capacity towards healthy and mutually compassionate living, as opposed to encouraging people to remain stuck in mutually destructive forms of agitation. In doing so, one might be able to achieve a day when countries like Canada evolve past the bestial desires of racists and supremacists, to dutifully pay the long-overdue compensations owed to humanity, by mustering the necessary levels of courage, will-power, decency, and discipline, to provide satisfactory reparations, as well as to immediately halt all pernicious as well as overtly destructive activities of Canada's agencies and organizations. 

---

```
Abbreviations:
EU      - European Union 
NATO    - North Atlantic Treaty Organization 
TRP     - Target Point Rating 
TV      - Television 
UK      - United Kingdom
US, USA - United States of America 
```

---
<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Top :arrow_up:][Top]** 
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC]**

  [Prev]: ./02-4-2.md
  [Top]: ./02-4-3.md#243-international-terrorism-and-violence-incubated-in-canada
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>