<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Table of Contents][TOC] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]**
  
  [Prev]: ./02-4-1-1.md
  [Next]: ./02-4-1-3.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>

---

## 2.4.2.2 Local Health Integration Networks 

A Local Health Integration Network (LHIN) is one of the most convoluted piece of bureaucratic mess within systems of Ontario's provincial government, when it comes to implementing proper healthcare policies, and sensible management of government's resource allocation. 

Here is how Ontario's LHINs came into existence, which then became a bureaucratic black hole.  

There used to be a thing called the Community Care Service Provider (CCSP) which, was a physical location within each sub-division (ward or barrow) of a municipality, that provided healthcare information and protective resources to local consumers. It was practically a barrow level branch of something like Service Ontario, for catering to healthcare needs of persons with gestation related, long-term, or chronic medical conditions. The main advantage of of the CCSP was that it had chronological healthcare data of each person who had lived in the local area, along with that of their family members. Additionally, employees of the CCSP were familiar to care-recipients through other forms of social interactions within the community. In this way, care was more customer friendly, customized, efficient, as well as context and data-driven, for those who needed accessible healthcare services.

Such a system existed because healthcare in Canada has never been "free", it has always been heavily prepaid via taxes. 

Taxes collected at a ward or a barrow level, have constituted the pool of insurance money available to a district. It would be logical if such pooled monies were regulated and utilized through a competent, and publicly accountable government agency, instead of a privately controlled corporation that is only accountable to its private shareholders, right? 

Well, that is where corporate overlords of Canada would tell you that any expectations "the third estate" might have, regarding public accountability in tax-money spending, is simply called 'wishful thinking.' This is because that money almost instantaneously lands into the hands of private corporate entities like John-Hancock-Manulife Inc., through municipal bond markets. Private insurers and underwriters have thus become the authority figures for government entities like Ontario's Ministry for Long-term Care and Health. Those government entities have consequently prioritized the signals sent to them from bond markets, where they parked their money, as opposed to prioritizing the human-oriented data on healthcare needs of languishing neighborhoods. 

One may acknowledge that the averaged physical and socio-economic health of a city's population, is entirely imaginary, compared to the healthcare data of actual human beings in each building of a neighborhood. But who can possibly care about that in Canada when wizardry with statistics is the only thing needed to keep muni-bonds afloat? 

>In order to be able to pay salaries of government workers, simultaneously declining yields on short-term as well as long-term government bonds would be catastrophic, wouldn't it? Even if government borrowing from future workers who haven't even been born yet, were to be extended to centuries into the future, the current physical reality about the expensive yet poor quality of services provided to, and provided by, people with declining health, can only lead to hyper-inflation plus economic stagnation. 

Coming back to the topic of how LHINs came into existence: Around the year 2016, somebody in their infinite wisdom decided to rename CCSP to LHIN, for the sake of "consolidating dispensaries and healthcare supply chains." They then shut down most of the physical locations of CCSP that used to be accessible to persons with mobility, and/or financial difficulties. The employees of shuttered CCSP branches were fired, and were not absorbed into LHINs. The government party that was in-charge, at the time, wanted to "cut the fat, remove the chaff, and create a 'lean government'." However, that increased the costs to the public in accessing healthcare services, and also to the government in managing procurement and distribution of healthcare supplies. Such cost over-runs occurred even though the savings in the healthcare ministry's balance sheets, from reduced pay-rolls, seemed attractive at the time. But who can actually care about the inter-generational negative outcomes faced by the public, from such bad managerial decisions? 

That somebody who renamed CCSPs to LHINs, also decided to appoint a person as the head of Ontario's LHINs who has continued to proudly introduce themselves, in each publicly held event they've visited, as, "a third-rate politician who failed at politics, and ended up becoming the director of Ontario's healthcare regulatory board known as LHINs." Self-deprecating humor is the hallmark of Canadian civil society that passes as 'humility.' 

The LHINs then introduced policy changes to government procurement procedures for medical supplies and contracted service providers, through a whole new system of Request For Proposals (RFPs). An RFP is a tender process for vetting vendors and awarding contracts to selected companies. As is typical in a tender process, a government entity advertises its requirements in the 'open and free commercial markets', whereby companies willing to fulfill the terms of the advertisement, submit a proposal to the government entity for communicating their intent. All of this was supposed to encourage competitiveness in the markets towards innovative technologies with better efficiencies, and discourage the supply of substandard goods and services by monopolies or oligopolies. Indeed, such envisioned outcomes can be feasible, except when the advertised request by government procurers have unique conditions, suited only for a particular supplier. 

The new system of RFP introduced by LHINs has had multiple stages wherein, the first set of requirements filter-in vendors that can showcase their capabilities in being able to fulfill the stated needs of the government entity, without being awarded the contract. And then in later stages, the companies are to bid on fulfilling newer sets of requirements added to the previous advertised needs, through months of negotiations with the government entity. The number of stages can be arbitrarily many, depending on the employees of a particular LHIN who are in-charge of awarding a particular contract. This has caused different LHIN offices throughout Ontario to have differing contractual standards and verbiage, for the same set of procurement needs. This type of a bidding and tender process, has remained exclusionary to small and medium sized enterprises. 

So, the public has not gained a better healthcare regulatory system via the LHINs, compared to what used to be known as CCSPs. Greater efficiencies, stronger regulatory control, consolidation, and standardization have not been achieved. On the contrary, the LHINs have made the role of third-party consultants more predominant in the RFP process, wherein, the consultants lobby both the vendors as well as the LHINs to hand-over control to them, in matching a procurement need to a particular vendor. Even the government's procurement needs are eventually dictated by those lobbyists and private consultancies, to shape a favorable outcome for themselves, and for their cronies, at the ever-increasing expense and determent to the public. 

The ultimate consequence of all this has been the reduction of competitiveness in goods and services supplied to the healthcare industry, because the advertised requirements have technological terms and conditions, that only a single corporate entity like Stryker Inc., or Cerner Inc. from the US, can supply to Canada. Similarly, most of the contracts for items and services needed in long-term care facilities, for elderly and senior citizens, is awarded to a minute set of corporations that have cornered most of the healthcare market in North America. For such reasons, Canadians invariably end up pre-paying in US dollars for their healthcare needs, through taxes in Canadian dollars, while constantly suffering losses from wasteful foreign exchange conversions on multi-million dollar contracts. This is true, even though Canadian manufacturers and suppliers used to be able to fulfill healthcare demands in Canada, for decades, and with higher quality of customized products and services. In this manner, cronyism and nepotism engendered by lobbying consultancies have only increased the burden of healthcare costs to Canadian tax-payers.

>Even the Covid pandemic proved that Canada's woes didn't arise because Canadians didn't know how to make vaccines, when they had to spend inordinate amounts of money for importing medical supplies. People in Canada have continued to suffer because the Canadian government, somehow, simply never had the right to make the much needed vaccines within its territories. 

The onerous and disjointed nature of LHINs has also remained a barrier for family members and individuals, to being able to relocate to different cities, as and when they require, because of a lack of personal healthcare data accessibility across Canadian cities. The medical history of a person tied to their LHIN becomes padlocked and practically non-transferable to another LHIN, if the person relocates to a new city for a few months, or a few years, for family or work related reasons. This was a particularly severe problem during the Covid pandemic, when people had to relocate "to work from home", at an affordable city location. Such forced immobilization through bad public policies of provincial governments, has continued to violate people's basic human rights for geographical mobility, and accessibility of healthcare. 

Worst of all, the types of burdens to the public being discussed here, have had a more disproportionate, as well as a much wider range of negative impacts on communities with peoples of color, students, young workers, and migrant populations. 

Those kinds of communities happen to exist in places like the regions of Kitchener-Waterloo, and Durham, in Ontario. Nothing surprising 'bout that, eh?

Are the growing systemic faults in various sections of Canadian society only due to a series of bad decisions implemented by "third-rate politicians and hapless civil servants?" No, they are mostly by design, and by the industrially manifested forceful intentions of a few corporate entities in North America, that would like to see the concepts of transparency in business operations, constancy, and public accountability — thoroughly demolished.  

---
<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Top :arrow_up:][Top] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]** 
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC]**

  [Prev]: ./02-4-1-1.md
  [Top]: ./02-4-1-2.md#2412-local-health-integration-networks 
  [Next]: ./02-4-1-3.md
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>