## 2. Categories of Wrongdoers Who Contribute to High Crimes and Crimes Against Humanity

In Canada, the following categories of wrongdoers and threat-actors have been observed and duly noted, whose actions continue to contribute to the suffering and demise of surreptitiously targeted communities; targeted communities that mainly comprise of differently abled people, ethnic minorities, and newcomers.

The case in point here, happens to include the offices of the Justice of Peace, in Ontario, along with institutions in Kitchener-Waterloo region such as University of Waterloo (UWaterloo), Grand River Hospitals and Clinics (GRHC), Waterloo Regional Police Services (WRPS), Canadian Mental Health Association (CMHA), community healthcare providers like Carizon, and accreditation bodies affiliated with the provincial government of Ontario as well as the federal government of Canada. 

It has been particularly disheartening to witness the incompetence of some, along with the woeful hypocrisy of many other Canadian organizations, with regards to human rights violations committed by their authorized members. This has been especially due to politically motivated abuses of medical and psychological sciences committed against targeted minority groups in Ontario, Canada. Each of such offending and problematic organizations have private benefactors, apart from federal as well as provincial support that protects them from prosecution. The bad organizations in Canada that produce injuries and harms, to selectively targeted groups and individuals while portraying themselves to be the global vanguards of justice, peace, and human rights aren't merely a few in number, nor do they happen to be edge cases among a majority of good ones. The number of good organizations remaining in Canada have steadily dwindled over the years during the past few decades. The societal culture of adopting silence to allow large-scale human rights violations against minorities, and consumer rights abuses against large sections of the public, to go unchecked and continue unabated, has snowballed in strength across Canada.

## 2.1 Category I — The Systematically Indoctrinated Wrongdoers

The first category of genocidal wrongdoers includes those who are complicit, liable, responsible, or eventually culpable for following injurious orders and protocols, from having been systematically indoctrinated into their organization's wrongful cultural and professional activities. Such individuals remain convinced that their intentions were genuinely in the best interest of the vulnerable persons they had, or have influence over, even after understanding that their training, education, tools, technologies, methods, policies, and protocols have already produced deleterious effects due to the very design, form, function, and application of those sets of things. They continuously and ardently maintain a belief or a conviction that any harms or injuries caused to vulnerable persons in their care, or purview, due to their decisions, judgments, actions or inaction, can be simply overlooked because those injuries were "necessary" during the course of providing a valuable service. They maintain an air of innocence and claim a lack of guilt, by strongly suggesting that they put their best professional efforts towards helping an already underserved or traumatized person overcome particular hardships, in accordance to professional standards and protocols. Such a belief or conviction held by the injurious professional, of course does not change the nature and extent of the injuries, harms, damages, or negative outcomes that have come to infringe upon the lives of the wrongfully serviced persons.

When any injured persons speak up about their suffering and losses, this category of professionals simply deny responsibility in contributing to the stated harms and injuries. It is also commonly seen that professionals accused of wrongdoings tend to downplay or sideline the negative impacts of their deeds. Such harmful professionals typically act in conjunction with other staff members of their organization, and also act in coordination with members from other organizations concerned with justice, law enforcement, security, peace keeping, education, healthcare, equity, and religious as well as social services. The herd mentality and group based anonymity enjoyed by the harmful professionals becomes a shield for the injurious officers, staffers, and benefactors of the liable group, preventing them from ever being held accountable and brought to justice. The dangers and wounds thrust upon innocent people trapped within the professional group's services, thus go unchecked.

