<div align="center">

  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Table of Contents][TOC] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]**

</div>

---

## 3. Ongoing Ordeals of Survivors and Victims due to Malicious Agencies of Canada  

The documentation from this point forward provides uncensored details about the types of malicious activities, and cover ups, being orchestrated by bad-faith actors in Ontario, Canada. 

From being appointed to esteemed seats of power within publicly funded fiduciary organizations, and as a direct consequence of bearing a professional position with immunity as well as indemnities vested in their seats of authority, a number of state-sponsored agents and agencies have continuously had unfettered opportunities to perpetrate murderous harms against vulnerable people in Canada. Those conniving wrongdoers have systematically exploited those opportunities target their victims, through the use of inter-agency resources and supports provided to them, by a coordinated group of public-service units in Ontario. 

>The violence and suffering I was put through, under their forceful and tortuous hands, is only one example of how newcomers, ethnic minorities, differently abled persons, and peoples of color are being surreptitiously targeted by those colluding agents and their supervisors. 

Prior to having to withstand the terrible ordeal involving a lawyer called Marwan Osseiran, from Toronto, Ontario, who managed to completely thwart my efforts in raising a voice as a whistleblower about war crimes, and crimes against humanity committed by US-led groups that implicates Canadian entities, I had to fend myself from a number of assaults on my computer networks by hackers during the year 2019; and I also had to fend much worse assaults upon my character and personhood which were directed by Canadian doctors, during the year 2020. Both of those types of hostile attacks were state-sponsored, with aims of silencing me by demolishing my life, relationships, livelihood, and good reputation. 

There isn't a way to apply punitive measures against the secretive agents and operatives who used cyber-warfare tools against the business my ex-wife and I used to own, and against my family, for how they hacked into our computer networks in 2019. Those cyber-attacks had harmful knock-on effects that contributed to: our nascent business getting wiped out, the death of a child that my ex-wife and I were planning to have, and our marriage to fall apart. Those are indeed, the types of sinister consequences that North American threat-actors and cyber-attack units plan and orchestrate, against any persons who happen to have evidence linking US government-led groups and individuals to crimes of violence or embezzlement. Having done their worst, they failed to destroy copies of the evidence I still have against their sponsors, even though they managed to destroy the material evidence that was meant to be sent to the International Criminal Court (ICC, at the Hague, via the lawyer, Marwan Osseiran.  

There however remains, a more important need to curtail, rightly punish, and deter the types of offenses being orchestrated by identifiable groups of Canadian public-service units and contractors involved in organized crimes. Those professional units and private companies have continued to cause ruinous harms and terror to innocent victims, through sophisticated mechanisms of selecting, and then perniciously attacking targeted individuals and communities in a predatory manner. The main method used by those attackers for evading detection and justice, has been through the specialized and compartmentalized efforts of coordinated professional groups hiding behind the trust and confidence afforded to public-service agencies. In using their preferred methods for conducting predatory activities through institutionalized policies and practices, members of Ontario's justice departments and law enforcement agencies have directly colluded with other public-service agents and private contractors, to selectively target and attack innocent and vulnerable people who cannot readily fend for themselves, especially not against the organized strategies and tactics employed by groups of state-sponsored threat-actors.  

The specific context regarding the incident in June, 2020 involving Dr. Douglas and my conflict with Canadian Mental Health Association (CMHA) officers from CMHA-Kitchener and CMHA-Waterloo-Wellington are as follows: 

- Collaborating members of CMHA had caused me to get illegitimately arrested and detained in a substitute-jail on 15th May, 2020, using the fabricated allegations of me being, "a violent psychopath with delusions of grandeur who identifies with mercenaries and has contacts with militia." 

- Such a frame up was a blatant attempt to demonize me, and paint me as a deranged terrorist or a vigilante who was an immediate threat to the community. 

    - I had worked with defense research and development (R&D) groups while I was a researcher at the University of Iowa, Iowa, USA, for projects involving counter-terrorism operations, drone control systems, and communication engineering. All of my other work has been related to cognitive science, neurology, semiotics, and mobile communication software design. 

    - By no means have any of the individuals within R&D groups from universities and private companies I have had affiliations with, ever been or linked to vigilantes, terrorists, mercenaries, or militia of any kind. This is why, I do believe that the multitudinous range of illegitimate statements injected into my medical records by CMHA's social worker Scott Grant, which were approved and further contorted by CMHA's Dr. Alexandra Paventi-Douglas, as well as by CMHA's members in positions of supervisory roles, were racially and politically biased against me being a male-Muslim-Asian. 

    - The cultural and behavioral outlook that I have had, which were different from the ones expected by a local psychiatrist and a social worker in Kitchener, were only one set of factors that played into the prejudices held by CMHA members. The other factor was the strongly voiced objections they had repeatedly hurdled at me during telephonic and in-person meetings, about the [contents of my Tweets and online articles on GitHub](https://github.com/true-hindsight/grim-realities/blob/main/disclosed/politically-motivated-crimes-being-committed-by-nexus-of-canadian-entities.md) not being to their liking. Also, I had never given them the address to my social media username and account. Alexandra and Scott went out of their way to fish for objections that they could use as reasons to paint me as a violent psychopath, to do harm against me and my relationships. 

    - Furthermore, CMHA members could have only done the above types of deeds, via the formal assistance of Canadian law enforcement and intelligence agencies, that would have sifted through my online activities and found specific materials for them to start build a racially and politically motivated case against me. 

- I have been deeply hurt and irreparably harmed by the libelous statements made by CMHA members against me, and from being labeled as a person with leanings towards, or connections with, any type of mercenaries or militia. Further damage and irreversible harms were done to my family and livelihood by their mischaracterizations of me, as being a person with psychiatric disorders. This is because such derogatory, disgraceful, and wretched acts of character assassination have become tantamount to labeling me as a terrorist, through the use of spiked official, legal, and medical documents, as well as [fabricated police records.](https://github.com/true-hindsight/grim-realities/blob/main/disclosed/git_repo-section_12-grim_realities_of_life_in_canada-2023_02_05.pdf) 

    - Additionally, those indelible records were already made available to every medical facility and policing agency in the Kitchener-Waterloo Region, Ontario, to conduct murderously harmful and devastating activities against my family, community, and me. Those maliciously fabricated and spiked records about my health, personality, financial status, as well as social and legal standing have already been propagated throughout health integration networks, and other state-authorized file management databases of Ontario, Canada. 

    - There are absolutely no means available, not only to me, but to any residents of Ontario and other provinces of Canada, to rectify or correct such intentionally propagated slander and libel injected into medical, immigration, financial, and police records. These types of records somehow, aren't retractable or rectifiable, via Service Canada or Service Ontario, compared to other kinds of government controlled records about citizens, refugees, residents and visitors. 

    - As such, these fiendish activities conducted via the apparatus of government-backed agencies and instruments, were driven by genocidal designs and murderous intentions. Those very same genocidal designs and murderous intentions indoctrinated among members of Canadian institutions, and borne out of bigotry, have continued to negatively impacted numerous marginalized individuals and communities in Canada, since decades. 

    - I was not the first, and I still have not been the last person to have been maliciously targeted and irreparably harmed by the deliberate and coordinated activities of Canadian state-sponsored agents and agencies. 

Here are a few additional pieces of necessary information for providing the appropriate context about the deliberate abuse of medical health science and psychiatry in Canada: 

- During the first week of May-2020, physician Alexandra Douglas had used the assistance of social worker Scott Grant to fabricate medical notes, and to lie on an *Application for Form 2 under Ontario's healthcare statutes.* 

- That writ called "Form 2" authorized by Justice Zeigler led to me being arrested by Officers Negrazis and Finch of the Waterloo Regional Police Services (WRPS). 

- WRPS officers used software provided by a University of Waterloo (UWaterloo) incubated and supported company called Health-IM, to fabricate further statements against me that were simultaneously recorded into my permanent healthcare and police-interaction records. That convenient and clandestine method of fabricating evidence against targeted individuals, specifically using HealthIM software, has been ongoing throughout Ontario for years.  

- I was illegitimately forced into detention for weeks within a medical facility — the Grand River Hospitals and Clinics (GRHC), under the guise of "medical treatment for suicidal behavior." 

- In GRHC, I was not given a proper explanation for the set of reasons leading to my forced detention. Nor was I given access to legal aid to contest my detention. I was not given the entire "Form 2" when I was illegitimately detained, its entire set of pages was never given to me. And those pages were also cunningly removed from my medical records, from both CMHA and GRHC, which had different and separate copies of those records. I later found out that a much greater range of privacy, confidentiality, and PHIPA violations were committed by CMHA and GRHC, in mishandling my personal medical data. 

    - Another problematic issue is that of pre-signed sets of "Form 2" and "Form 3" by physician Andrea Bunker, being used by social workers in GRHC, with the name of the person those writs are filed against, and the date, being written afterwards by staff in GRHC. 

- On the day of my arrest, physician David Leveck of GRHC, abused his position to use the utterly racist wording of, "Euthemia" to describe my physical outlook, and to then note it as a diagnosis in my medical history. Euthemia and "euthemic mood disorders" were phrases that used to be grafted into medical reports by racist doctors in 18th and 19th century, when those doctors could not find any medically evident or testable issues with a slave or a woman, in order to institutionalize or incarcerate the targeted person. 

    - The term Euthemia means that the examining doctor could not find any medical diseases or issues, but "suspected" that the person being examined was masking a "latent" psychiatric condition. Given that those types of suspicions were always prejudiced and unscientific, the concept of Euthemia had long been deprecated from modern medicine. So, do you understand how incorrigibly racist and ignorant a medical professional has to be in this day-and-age, to still use that kind of a phrase from the early 19th century when slavery and slave trade were "legal and righteous", and hadn't yet been abolished in North America? 

    - That used to be the era when heroin and laudanum were prescribed to women and children as state-of-the-art medication to cure "hysteria" and "restlessness syndrome." It was also the era when purging one's self of "miasma", was achieved via prescriptions of mercury and blood-letting using leaches.  

- While I was being detained in GRHC, physical tests conducted by other doctors indicated that I was in good, healthy condition. But then I was coerced into taking high doses of psychotropic drugs, by physician Abraham Popoola. Based on his impressions from the fabricated data injected into my medical records, my voiced concerns in taking the medication was, according to his professional medical opinion, "a symptom of paranoia, delusions, and depressive mood disorder." 

- The drugs I was forced to take in GHRC had lethal contraindications with respect to my actual medical history that were completely overlooked, or drastically downplayed by the prescribing doctors. However, deliberate foul play with malicious intent cannot be ruled out, given that such forms of genocidal activities and pogroms have been conducted in Canadian state-sponsored facilities for decades, against millions of debilitated or murdered victims over the past century. The types of contraindication and subsequent complications caused by the medications wrongfully forced upon me are explained in *Appendix I and II of the File.* 

- High doses of narcotic and toxic drugs were forced upon me under tortuous conditions, against my will and consent, while Abraham Popoola disregarded my strong concerns and forthright objections. Such deliberate and violent acts of medically induced injuries then caused me to suffer neuro-endocrine damage, and reproductive harm.

- Under duress and under the influence of a dangerous cocktail of narcotic drugs, I was put through an insidious act of entrapment in GRHC, wherein, I was forced to talk to a person with an Arabic name and Arabic accent, who repeatedly claimed to be my "brother." I am not from Middle-East even though that has been a wrong piece of demographic data injected into my Canadian healthcare records. 

- During the weeks I was being tortured and tormented in GRHC, I was bluntly told that I was being detained during Ramadan and Eid, for being a Muslim, and to see how I would react if I was denied access to all Islamic resources and deprived of the ability to perform religious supplications. Thus, politically motivated subjugation, and religious repression were the main intentions of persons who colluded to detain me, from the very beginning of their malicious misconducts. 

**Addtionally:**

Even the *Application for a Form 2* was "corrected" by Scott Grant on 8th July, 2020, to indicate that there weren't any plates or such things thrown by me at my wife in anger. 

<ol type="i">
  <li>
  First of all, from where did Scott Grant hallucinate that plates had ever been thrown by me at anyone, let alone my ex-wife!? What was Scott smoking when he wrote that nonsense!? 
  </li>

  <li>
  Secondly, how can someone retroactively edit the main justifications for an already enforced writ!? How can that ever be allowed by any legal framework?! This is the type of brazen fraudulence and corruption that continues to plague the core of legal institutes in Ontario, Canada! 
  </li>

  <li>
  The issue of fraudulent and retroactively edited legal documents, involving offices of the Justice of The Peace in Ontario, isn't some kind of a minor dispute about record keeping. This is a fundamental injustice, legal malpractice, and misapplication of legal statutes!
  </li>
  
  <li>
  The capacity of Justice Zeigler as a "Justice of The Peace", is also suspect, and arguably tainted by discriminatory prejudices. Was such a member of the judiciary a properly educated jurist with relevant law degrees who had passed any Bar examination? What type of licensing has allowed such a person to hold office in a judiciary, and to sign writs, as well as hold authority over the lives of vulnerable individuals? Or was this Justice of The Peace a make-shift political appointee, who was made in-charge of cultural policing of non-Christians, ethnic minorities, newcomers, and *"Indians?"* 
  </li>
</ol>

<br>

For the above-mentioned reasons, on 12th June, 2020, I had raised a concern with the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario (CPSO), for which they had opened a complaints investigation, about how a psychiatrist from CMHA had tried to forcefully revoke my rights to medical consent on illegitimate grounds, and how a doctor from GRHC had subsequently abused me through medically induced tortures and suffering. 

The case manager at CPSO then notified Dr. Douglas of CMHA and Dr. Popoola of GRHC by 15th June, 2020, to obtain their responses about the complaint filed against them. 

Then, on 17th June, 2020, Scott Grant requested WRPS to again dispatch police against me, and additionally created a heightened system-wide alert against my profile to "violent." The fabricated reasons given by Scott to WRPS, for attempting to again have me arrested by wielding the police, was that I had threatening "physical violence" towards him, even though I had never done that, and I had not even had any form of contact or communication with Scott or Alexandra, since 5th June, 2020. The police did not follow up on that request, but, the covert and underhanded method of injecting a system-wide alert of "a violent suspect" against a profiled person, as used by Scott, causes "the system" to become more biased against the targeted person, in a pernicious way. 

The only new events after 5th of June, 2020, related to any public service agency in Ontario were my telephonic message left on CMHA's receptionist's telephone answering machine on 12th June, 2020, requesting my medical record from CMHA; and my emailed complaint to CPSO about physician Alexandra Douglas, also on 12th June, 2020. 

The notification about my complaint to CPSO had been sent to doctors Alexandra Douglas in CMHA, and Abraham Popoola in GRHC by 15th June, 2020. As such, Scott had attempted to prevent me from gaining access to my personal medical data and to follow up with the CPSO, by having me arrested on another set of false charges. It is clearly evident that Scott Grant along with Alexandra Douglas, for some reason, were continuously trying to personally harm me in a vicious and hateful manner. 

Following all of that, the CPSO was not able to give me a satisfactory result, as they sided with the doctors, and said that the doctors had followed their training and protocols. 

The main reasons for CPSO's investigator to conclude that the doctors had followed correct protocols and procedures, was based on the medical notes and documents written up by Scott and Alexandra in my medical records, during the first week of May-2020. However, those notes and documents were modified on 15th June, 2020, as evidenced from the meta-data of my medical records. The newer notes and documents, had dozens of pages added by Scott and Alexandra, with entirely fictitious narratives about what I had said or done during telephonic interviews and in-person meetings, with members of CMHA. Those members of CMHA had cunningly gained my confidence, and had forced me to divulge details about the evidence of genocides I had in my possession. Those intake interviews and meetings with them, during July-2019, and in April through May, 2020, had been contorted in deplorably disgusting ways by Scott and Alexandra. The subsequent statements by Abraham Popoola to the CPSO, conveniently mirrored the tone and content of the documents rewritten by Scott and Alexandra. Those members of GRHC and CMHA, knew exactly how to game the system to con the CPSO, while cunningly orchestrating a over up of their malfeasance and malpractices. 

Of course, the CPSO wasn't particularly motivated to look into the malpractices of their doctors. And, to address the issue of social worker Scott being prejudiced, I was supposed to separately take up another discussion, with the College of Social Work, which seemed futile.

Dealing with the bureaucracy of CPSO had already proved to be frustrating during June-2020, that is why I had to eventually ask that the *case-file numbered 1112765,* be closed, because CPSO's investigative procedures were inadequate, and could not meet the standards for providing genuine remedies and compensations, for harms and damages done by Canadian doctors. However, the only way to close the file was to verbally confirm and tell the CPSO case manager, that I was "satisfied" with their process and outcome, even though I wasn't, and even though they had nothing more they were willing or able to do. 

It can be argued that the CPSO's standards for medical practices in psychiatry and psychology need to be updated, as explained in *Sections 13, 17, and Appendix VI of The File.* 

Following that incident, much worse cyber-attacks and threats were conducted against me throughout the years 2020, with objectives of chasing me out of Canada in a threatening manner, on the pains of death or a worse outcome for my family and me, than death, through state-sponsored actions.  

The lasting ill effects from biochemical tortures inflicted upon me in GRHC via heavy doses of narcotic and neuroleptic drugs, and the tortuous confinement within that medical facility, made it even more difficult for me to go through the deliberately shuffled medical records provided to me by CMHA, during the months following my release from GRHC. Yes, the nearly 300 pages of medical records from CMHA were, firstly delayed by more than a month, and were meticulously shuffled to make them practically incomprehensible. It took me many weeks to put them into correct order of the page numbering printed by CMHA-Waterloo-Wellington's copier machine, while comparing them to the set of 80 pages sent to me from GRHC. There were nearly 200 extra pages in the records sent to me from CMHA, that also had stuff pertaining to other clients of CMHA, including their personally identifiable information! 

<br>

>Now, only a person with hypervisor admin privileges, or somebody who could have hired an entity like Magnet Forensic to look into this matter, could have retrieved the original notes in my healthcare records from CMHA's case-management databases, to compare them with the documents rewritten or deleted by Scott Grant and Alexandra Douglas. 

<br>

So, if neither Health Canada, Carizon, CMHA-Ontario, CPSO, Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS), and Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) in Ontario had anybody from their respective cadres properly look into these concerns, then who sent me an anonymous tip last year with the message that, "copious edits" were made by Scott and Alexandra in not only my healthcare files, but within those of others as well? Was it somebody from Ontario Provincial Police (OPP)? Somebody else from CMHA-Kitchener or CMHA-Waterloo-Wellington, who somehow had the level of cyber-sleuthing skills to find my contact, and give me that tip? 

Well, you see, the problem here is that various colluding professionals from CMHA, GRHC, WRPS, as well as their accreditation institutes and private vendors, have been habitually conducting attempted murders, visceral injuries, and serial murders through organized pernicious activities, aside from continuously perpetrating a large range of inter-generation harms, human rights violations, and professional malpractices against vulnerable communities and individuals, in a systematic manner. Those types of felonies are particularly insidious, because of their ongoing and systematic nature, and also owing to the fact that key fiduciary positions and privileges of authority, are still being held by those culpable persons, within industry sectors where workers need to be oath and duty bound, to not exploit or harm clients and the public, in any shape or form. 

Till date, examples of excuses used by Canadian officials and parliamentarians, for denying justice and punitive damages owed to survivors and victims, or for causing inordinate delay in paying for proper restitution and reparations, have been to simply cite: 

- technical errors, 

- lack of credulousness, 

- hopelessness for a variety of reasons, 

- lost cause, or statutes of limitation, and, 

- straight-forward apathy in wanting to do anything meaningful to genuinely end Canada's state-sponsored atrocities. 

Such excuses have continued to be an integral part of the systemic regime and methodology used by Canadian organizations, in perpetuating racially prejudiced and politically motivated crimes against ethnic minorities, persons with disabilities, and peoples of color, for decades. Those excuses cannot be allowed to stand any longer, in any forum for dispute resolution, or in any international court of legitimate and equitable law. Accepting those types of excuses from Canada, would only cause those organized criminals to get away with their systematized crimes of genocide, especially ones conducted using government bodies and privately owned companies wielded by those criminals, in willingly orchestrating murderous harms against tens of millions of individuals. 

Of all the ways in which organizations and persons from North America have crossed the line, especially against the Indian diaspora, and double crossed persons like me over the past two decades, the ones form Kitchener-Waterloo during the recent years have been the most dastardly and disdainfully deplorable!  

As such, the fundamental need of the hour, is to deter, rectify, and remedy their systemic faults and terrorizing crimes, which indeed provides the legal basis of a just cause, leading to the only remaining option; that is, the option to seek justice through rightful international mechanisms and instruments, that can overcome and mitigate the shortcomings endemic to the localized jurisdictions and jurisprudence of provincial as well as federal courtrooms, of Canadian legal systems. 

---

```
Acronyms:
CMHA      - Canadian Mental Health Association. 
CPSO      - College of Physicians and Surgeon of Ontario. 
CSIS      - Canadian Security Intelligence Service. 
GRHC      - Grand River Hospitals and Clinics. 
ICC       - International Criminal Court. 
OPP       - Ontario Provincial Police. 
PHIPA     - Personal Health Information Protection Act (Ontario, Canada, 2004).
R&D       - Research and Development. 
RCMP      - Royal Canadian Mounted Police. 
US, USA   - United States of America.
UWaterloo - University of Waterloo.
WRPS      - Waterloo Regional Police Services. 
````

---
<div align="center">
  
  **[:arrow_left: Previous Section][Prev] | [Top :arrow_up:][Top] | [Next Section :arrow_right:][Next]** 
  
  **[Table of Contents][TOC]**

  [Prev]: ./02-4-3.md
  [Top]: ./03-0.md#30-ongoing-ordeals-of-survivors-and-victims-due-to-malicious-agencies-of-canada  
  [Next]: 
  [TOC]: ./README.md#table-of-contents
  
</div>